Dividends, &c., will be received for customers or shareholders, Without charge. Me charge will be snide for keeping accounts ; nor any fee or gratuity allowed to be received from a customer or applicant by any ens in the Bank's empleyNnent. Forms of application for the opening of accounts, &c., are ready to be supplied at the Baik, or will be sent by post to any who may require them. By order of the Court of Directors, HUGH INNES CAMEIZON, General Manager. 16. Tokenhense-yard, Letlabury, January 1,1850. COMMERCIAL TRAVELLERS' CLUB HOUSE IN CITY OF LONDON. At a numerous and highly respectable Meeting of Commercia Travellers and influential Members of Travelling Firms, held at the London Tavern, December 31st, 1849, convened by advertisement, AUGUS fUS H. MOORE, Esq., in the Chair; This Meeting resolved that the establishment of a Club-house in some central part of the city of London, for the use of Commercial is Gentlemen solely, will materially advance the Interests and promote the comfort of that body. That the title of so desirable an Ilurtitution be " The Commercial Travellers' Club-house." That a Club-house, with dormitories, &c., which shall be exclusively appropriated to the promotion of the comfort and convenience of the Commercial Travellers of the United Kingdom be established a central part of the City of London, thereby meeting the universally admitted necessity for some common gathering point in the Metropolis ; that such shall be conducted in an unostentatious and consistently economical manner, but with due and close regard to Substantial respectability and comfort ; and which, with its Reading-rooms and appropriate Library, will promote habits of mutual and Intelligent intercourse that cannot fail to be of advantage to its Members, hence to the trade of the country and society generally. That a Committee of twelve (five to be quorum) be appointed to Carry the foregoing resolutions into effect and frame a code of laws for the guidance and government of such Institution. That Messrs. J. K. Jackson, C. R. Carter, and W. Bonier, be associated with Mr. W. S. Ramey in the formation of the Provisional Committee. That R. 31, Phillips, Esq., Rood-lane, be appointe 1 Treasurer, pro tern. That Mr. W. S. Rumsey, 3, Queen-street-place, Cheapside, be Hon. Secretary pro tem., and that his office (which he offers gratuitously) be acknowledged as the address for the purposes of the Club till further arrangements be entered into. That a vote of thanks be given to Mr. W. S. Rumsey for his Valuable services and the perseverance he has exhibited in this good cause. That the best thanks of this meeting are eminently due and hereby given to our much esteemed fri , nd Augustus H Moore, Esq., Gray's-inn, for his able and impartial conduct in the chair. That the proceedings of this day be advertised in the Times, Herald, Chronicle, Post, Daily News, Sun, and Globe newspapers. T HE GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY COMPANY. TO BUILDERS. —CONTRACT FOR WORKS. Station Building,s fr m (and exclusive of ) the London Station to (and Including) the Peterborough Station. The Directors of the Great Northern Railway WILL MEET at the Offices of tie Company, 14, Moorgate-street, London, on MoillAT, the 21st JANUARY, 1850, at Twelve o'clock at noon, TO OPEN TENDERS for the execution of the whole or any portion of the Stations, Goods' Warehouses, Locomotive Buildings, Gatelodate. kc., required upon the Main Line, commencing at the second tulle from King's-Bross, London, to (and including the buildings Within) the city of Peterborough, upon the basis of a schedule of Prices. Parties wishing to Tender can see Plans, Conditions, and Forth of Proposals, and obtain, on payment of 205., copy of the Schedule, at the Offices of the Compaiy, 14, Moorgate-street ; or at the Of of Mr. Henry Goddard, the Architect. at Lincoln, between tke hours of Tea and Three, on and after Wednesday, the 16th January, 1860. Tenders sealed up, marked " Tender for Station Works," and addressed to the Secretary, are to be lodged at the C..mpany's Offices, 14, M oorgate-street, before Twelve o'clock on Monday, the 91st January, 1850, when parties sending in Tenders, must be in attendance. The same party is at liberty to Tender for one or more Stations. Tenders will not be noticed unless made upon the Company's printed forms attached to the Conditions. Security will be required for tile due performance of the Contract. N.B.—The Directors do not engage to accept the lowest Tender. Company's Offic(esßy order) MOWATT, Secretary. , 14, Moorgate-street. London, December 26 , 1849. THE GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY COM PANY. TO B UILDERS—CONTRICT FOR WORKS. LONDON STATION. The Directors of the Great Northern Railway will meet at the Offices of the Company, 14, Moorgate-street, London, on MONDAY, the 21st January, 1850, at Twelve o'clock at noon, to OPEN TENDERS for the execution of the works or buildings necessary for the Permanent Goods' and Temporary Passengers' Stations, on the north aide of the Regent's Canal, Maiden-lane, King's-cross, London, upon the basis of a schedule of prices. Parties wishing to tender can see plans, conditions, and torn of proposals, and obtain, on payment of 205., a copy of the schedule, at the Offices of the Company, 14, Moorgate-street, or at the Office of Mr, Lewis Cubitt, the architect, 52, Bedford-square, between the hours of ten and three, on and after WEDNISDAT, the 16th January, 1850. Tenders sealed up, and marked " Tender fcr the Works of the London Station," and addressed to the SECRETARY, are to be loslged at the Company's Offices, 14, Moorgate-street, before 12 o'clock on Monday, the 21st January, 1850, when parties sending hi Tealers must be in attendance. Tenders will not be noticed unless made upon the Company's printed forms, attached to the conditions. Security will be required for the due performance of the Contract. 17.13.—The Directors do not engage to accept the lowest Tender. (By order) ' Company's Offices L 4, J. IL MOWITT, Secretary. London, 26th d ay of December, r 1849. SEASONABLE PRESENTS. At this stive peri of the yar, the folowing unrivalled coveries for tke fe toilet are ca lled into e increased l requisition, namelydis ROWLANDS' MACASSAR OIL, for creating and sustaining a luxuriant head of hair. ROWLANDS! KALYDOR, for rendering the Skin soft, fair, and blooming, and MROWLANDS' ODONTO, or Pearl Dentifrice, for imparting a A pearl-like whiteness to the Teeth. The patronage of roy a l ty throughout Europe, and the high appreciation by rank and fashion, with the well-known infallible efficacy of these al ticies, give them a celebrity unparalleled, and render them a peculiarly clegaut and seasonable present. BEWARE OF SPURIOUS IMI T A TIONS. The only genuine of each bears the name of " ROWLANDS' " preceding that of the Article on the Wrapper or Label. Sold by them at 20, Hatton-garden, London, and by respectable Chemists and Perfumers. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES A certain remedy for disorders of the Pulmonary Organs In Difficulty of Breathing—in Redundancy of Phlegm—in Incipient Consumption (of which Cough is the most positive indication) they are of unerring efficacy. In Asthma and in Winter Cough they have lever been known to fail. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES are free from every deleterious ingredient ; they may, therefore, be taken at all times by the most delicate female and by the youngest child ; while the Public Speaker and the Professional Singer will llnd them invaluable in allaying the hoarseness and irritation inch dental to vocal exertion, and consequently a powerful auxiliary In the production of melodious enunciation. Prepared and sold in Boxes, Is. I}o., and Tins 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d., end 10s. 6d. each, by Thomas Keating, Chemist, dcc., No. 79, St Paul's Church-yard, London ; retail by all Druggists and Patent liedleine Vender, in the kingdom. DR. LA'MERT ON THE SECRET INFIRMITIES OF YOUTH AND MATURITY.—WITII 40 COLOURED ENGRAVINGS ON STEEL. Just published, and may be had in French or English, in a Sealed Envelpe, 21. Sd., or post-f ree, f rom t h e A ut h or, for forty-two SEStaLF-PRESERVATION; ona it Me dical Treatise on th e Physiology of Marriage, and t he Secret I n fi rmities and Disorders of Youth and Maturi ty, y, usually acquired at an early period of life, which enervate the physical and mental powers, diminish and enfeeble the natural feelings, and exhaust the vital energies of Manhood ; with Practical Obs ervations on the Treatment of Nervous Debillt7 and Indigestion, whether arising from these causes, close study, or the influence of syph: climates: Local and Constitutional Weakness. Strict ure. and all Diseases and Derangements resulting from Indiscretion. With Forty coloared Engravings, illustrating the Physiology, and Diseases of the Reproductive Organs, their strict:nes, uses, and functions, and the various that are produced in them by solitary habits, excesses, and Mfeetion. BY SAMUEL LA'AIERT, M.D.. BRDFORD-SQUARE, LONDON. Doctor of Matriculated Member ef the University of Edinburgh, Licentiate of A pothecaries' Hall, London, Honorary Member of the London Hospital Medical Society, &c. work contain s an accurate and complete account of the and Physiology of the Reproductive Organs. It unncenr:l3. ha ppens that the unhappy victim of excessive indul-4 vicious habits, while suffering from their invariable consequence. clan for entertains a fear of applying to a qualified physieatazid. neSpame and the dread so frequently, but erroneously alike restrict hi that these complaints are beyond the reach of prevent his seeking for assistance where alone it can be medical honours,'irr i „,ed iu . _Dr. L ME RT has taken the highest testify, and the great extent of his practice far many years a tiara f hi enee, which has reference col e or s professional experi•wnost ely to the treatment of these ilseases. by the Author, and Published be had of Kent and Richards, itt paternoster-fow I moford-eet; Starie, Tiehhorneket Dias a, reet, HaYm ar- ' or, uornhill Gordon, 146, Leadentall-street, London ; post forty-two stamps, Dom he Author's Residence , 37 Bed or. A I E. M One half the werli are and the other bifildeace, or laPPosiag thorn married, queitiona y right determine the former, and ern. 6itterthe latter. The solitary one may Shield ti t ' e p - F ea caution aid worldly prudence, and dtehepeeirn.dispshoylusbicial harry ; but the truth lies hindrances to domestic Ind breken health, are the great jade content. The dowry shou l d not be the only marri g i e l l e Honour and justicedemand that health shouldform an 'totle the compact ; it alone Reader, tegleet wound more sorely than poverty or dignifies the alliance. Blighted hope Cr misfort une. tWELL'S little ;hese surmises concern you, procure Dr. CHLVE in 2 vole., ., Is. Single and Married Life, " pub. (by post, in stamps, Is. 6d. eac h). Let no imaginatively %fined, or pr u di s h feeling deter you, by their titles, nor be hindered osinter pretation of their supposed contents, from obta i n i ng They are net intended certainly for mere idle cariosity, but ar the closet perusal of those mere deeply interested, to whom are offered as antagonistic to the empyrical trash put forth en jhe above subjects, by unqualified authors, which alone or are a disgrace to the age. Furthermore, two other Publications claim your ► attention (same price Is. each, est 6d.) calltxl " What to Eat, Drink, and and " How to be Happy." They are not merely but equal in quantity a library volume, nor are they the !seers tphemeral of the hour, but the study of the author's Lt . who owes his present exiatence, health, and posit'en to this ob!ervanea of the maxims ho would inculcate—to do two others as he done unto--to live after nature's laws —and to keep always Iheuirvv.; Bunny side of the way." The above works may be had of ad, 23, P atenicirter-raw ; Carvallso 141, Fleir.-street • Mann, Spokes, 5, Holborn be r ' direct (hi post or othcrthe anther (who may conferred with personally, le, aet; all. DEFERRED ANNUITIES. Ay the operation of the same principles, the Society is enabled to afford to the public a plan of Deferred Annuities far more advantageous than any hitherto offered, whereby an individual, by the contribution of a very small annual, monthly, or weekly saving, may secure either a comfortable provision for himself in advanced age, or, at his option, a large sum of money, or a policy to his family at his death ; while by giving to the purchaser, at any tine, the power of borrowing, two-thirds of all previous payments, it removes all risk of forfeiture from inability to continue premiums, besides affording en am )1e resource during sickness and want of employment ; and shor'd the purchaser d , e before arriving at the stipulated period, twethirds of his payments wi'l be returned to his representatives. The following Table is a specimen of the great and varied advantages which the judicious application of a small saving cats secure through this Society. I. BENEFITS Secured on attaining the age of • 65, by an Annual Premium of 2/. 125. /Annuity] Cash. I Policy. 1 s. d.l£ s. d I.£ s. d. ?0 47 16 C 94 11 0 466 0 0 3 10 26 15 1( 221 0 0,261 • 0 10 113 19 9 115 0J136 6 0 PREMIUMS To secure on attain- AnnuityXlo 10 0 lngtheage Cash .. 82 10 0 of 6i, the Policy.. 97 option •f 20 Payable Payable I Payable Annu- ix one ,for Mistily. sum. parity. .£ s. d. o 10 11 0 19 6 1 17 3 £ I. d. I. d. 10 0 10 0 0 0 11 7 1 7 3 11 27 11 19 4 10 Immediate Annuities are also granted by the Society on liberal terms, as will be seen by the following extracts from the Tables, showing the annual amount of annuity upon every 1001. deposited : Age 50, £7 Ss. J Age 60, £9 14s. 3d. I Age 70, £l4 2s. 2d. The Annual Report, with Tables of Rates, &c.. may be had at the Office, or any of its Branches In the Country; or, ou application, will be forwarded post free. W. S. B. WOOLHOUSE, Actuary, E QUITY AND LAW LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY. No. 26, Lincoln's Inn-fields, London, And Lacy Society's Rooms, Mauchester, TRUSTEES. The Right Hon. Lord Monteagle The Right lion. the Lord Chief Baron The Ilon. Mr. Justice Coleridge The Hon. Mr. Justice Erie Nassau W. Senior, Esq., Master in Chancery Charles Purton Cooper, Esq., Q.C., LL.D., F.R.S. George Capron, Esq. Parties assuring within six months of their last birth-day are allowed a diminution of half a year in the premium charged. Policies do not become void by the life assured going beyond the prescribed limits—so far as regards the 'Merest of third parties —pro• vided they pay the additional premium, so soon as the fact comes to their knowledge. "Free Policies" are issued, at a small increased rate of premium, which remain in force although the life assured may go to any part of the world. Policies may be efected on an increasing scale at c,nsiderably reduced rates for the first five or seven years. Parties may affect assurances by the payment of a single premium with the privilege of withdrawing the sum paid. The tables are especially favourable to young and middle-aged lives, and the limits allowed to the assured, without extra charge, are ❑nusually extensive. Eighty per cent. of the profits are divided among the assured. EA, FIRE, LIFE ASSURANCE OFFICE. Established by Act of Parliameit, 31, 00ItNHILL, LONDON. Capital 100,0001., in Shares of 20s. each, to be paid in fall on allotment, hearing a guaranteed interest ofs per cent. ix perpetuity (irrespective of further dividends) upon the paid-up capital. Application for Shares to be addressed to the Directors at the Offices of tke Society. Marine, Fire, aid Life Assurances granted oa the most liberal terms. Immediate and Deferred Annuities granted terms especially advantageous for investment of capital. By order, AUG. COLLINGRIDOE, Managing Director. CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS THE ROYAL POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTION, REGENT-STREET, The First of a Series of Illustrated Lectures, by Dr. Bachhoffner, on the Philosophy of Scientific Recreation, daily at Two iclock, and in the Evenings, at Eight. —An entirely new Set of Dissolving Views of London in the Sixteenth Century. and as it now is, with a Descriptive Lecture, daily, at Half-past Foar, and in the Evenings at a Quarter to Ten.—Tho Views of Rome, including no., Views of the Interior and Exterior of St. Peter's, with Dioramic effects, arc shown daily, at One o'clock.—Lectures on Chemistry, with brilliant experiments, by Mr. Ashley. --Experiments with the Diver and Diving-hell.—New Exhibition of Chromatropes.—The Machinery, Medels, ice., explained. dmission. Is —Schools, lialf-prica. CATHOLIC, LAW, and GENERAL LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY, 8, New Coventry-street, Leicester-square. London. Jan. 1, 1850. Notice is hereby given that the interest upon the Shares in this Company, due up to the 31st ult., will be in the course of payment at the Office, on, and after the 10th inst., and will be paid upon application for the same. By order of the Board. WILLIAM NORRIS. Secretary. AVI- S'S CANDLES, 41d. and sd. per lb.; wax-wick moulds, 6d. ; composite, 7%d., 9d., and 9%d. ; Botanic wax candles, Is.; German wax, Is. 2d.; fine wax, Is. sd. ; transparent wax, Is. S.I. and Is. 10d. ; best wax, 2s. Id.; sperm candles, is 81. and Is. 10d. ; metallic, 7d. and sd. ; mottled soap 565. and 60s. per 112 lbs. ; yel ew, 445., 605., and 665. ; Windsor solo, Is. 4d. per packet ; brown Windsor, Is td. ; rose, 2s. ; almond, es. 6d.; sperm oil, 7s. 6d. per gallon ; solar, Is. 3d. ; argand, 4s. 6d. ; sealing wax, 4s. 6d. per lb., for cash, at DAVIES'S old established warehouse, 63, St. Mart!n's•lans, opposite Westminster Cosity Court (late New Slaughter's Coffee-isease). ANNUAL ADDRESS. The Public, by this time, must be aware of the fact that E. MOSES and SON, at the conclusion of each year, make a practice of reviewing the progress which they may hays made, and of acknowledging the same in a plain business address to their supporters. If such, however, were not the general practice of the proprietors, there would be every reason, on the present occasion, to issue a "special circular" as an acknowledgment for those obligationsiwhich have been so apparent in the year 1849. A glance at the past twelve months is sufficient to convince the proprietors that their Establishment is daily rising in the estimation of a discerning public. To no period can E. MOSES and SON refer in which every encouragement has not been afforded to them. Each of the four successive seasons of the year has had Ito amount of public favour, and no declension or fluctuation has at any time been apparent. Among the records of the past year must be named the establishment of Two Branch Houses (the one in Sheffield, and the other in Bradford), and the partial completion of a Metropolitan Branch House at the West End. It is scarcely necessary to allude to the circumstances which led to these steps being taken. The name of the proprietors being everywhere known and approved, a most extensive country connexion was the necessary consequence ; and as two favourable opporunlties presented themselves, the proprietors availed themselves of the same; and studied, thereby, their own interests inutualy with those of their supporters. The inconvenience of distance was at once removed, and the advantages accruing from a purchase of MOSES and SON'S dress secured to numbers who otherwise could not, without sending to town, have realised the same. The Bradford Branch House has now been in operation for nearly twelve months; and so successful has it proved throughout this period, thtt E. MOSES and SON find it difficult to express their feelings of satisfaction and gratitude under the encouraging circurns ances. It was considered by many persons who were witnesses of the opening and subsequent scenes at this House, that the success attendant on the speculation was without precedent In the annals of trade. What has beets said concerning the Bradford Branch Is in every sense, applicable to that at Sheffield, which has been established nine months. To imagine that anything short of real merit could have produced all this, would certainly be a conclus on not at all warranted by reason. The purchases made on the opening days at these Branch Establishments would have soon caused a diminution of support, had not sound quality and general superiority been really apparent. So satbfactory, however, were the goods obtained —so thoroughly were all promises fulfilled, as to quality and cheapness, that all classes in these important localities rallied round the Proprietors, and heartily backed the specul a ti ons w i lls their coontenan,e and support. It has already been stated that the Metropolitan Branch, in the West End, which will be opened in the Spring, Is the result of an increasing public demand for the goods supplied by the Proprietors. Such is a correct statement. Nothing but a positive assurance that such an extension is really required would have led E. MOSES and SON to have added thus to their London speculations, which, apart from that under consideration, had no equal in the world. Not to acknowledge obligations so essential would be tantamount to a forfeiture of all future favours. But E. MOSES and SON are resolved to convince the public, both by word and action, that their numerous favours are gratefully received. The Proprietors hold out no false hopes to the public, When stating, that the year 1850 will be distinguished for improvements and advantages on a scale more advantageous than has ever yet been experienced. It is by this means alone that E. MOSES and SON hope to secure future support from those who have so liberally aided them. The Proprietors might particularise those arrangements for the coming seasons which are already in progress. They have in preparation a stock of Spring and Summer Dress, which, for cheapness, utility, and elegance, was never surpassed. They would also impress upon the notice of the public those various articles which are now on sale for the winter season. They have no hesitation ii asserting that such an assortment is not to be met with elsewhere in the trade. E. MOSES and SON, in conclusion, would wish all classes of their supporters in every sense "a happy new year" —a year free from these party international broils abroad, and those political dis• sensions at home, which cannot fail to operate inimically with our commercial trading and domestic well-being. The proprietors trust that those who aid them, together with those who are not numbered among their supporters, may have to declare, when the clock strikes twelve on the night of the 31st of December next, that the year 1850 has proved to them a year of uninterrupted peace, prosperity, and happiness. A Medal, containing an Almanac for the year 1850, wil be presented t o every customer. A Large Stock of Fur Coats, in every shape, from 60s. to 201. Naval and Military Titiforms, Liveries, See. Mourning to any extent at Five Minutes' notice. A Snit of Mourning complete for 11. 10s. dire ne book, entitled "Th e Mi n i on of the Million," with fall warded for Self measurement , can be had en appli ca ti on, er ibrxoti: e_ Post free, to any part of the kingdom. of the 5 Far Department is new replete with every novelty measure, if not bserve—any .I...article purchased, either ready made, or made to of will bo exchanged, or the money returned. E. , Tailors, Woellendrapers, Clothiers, Hatters, Hosiers, Farriers 155, 156, and 157 Shoentakers, and General Outfitters, 154, and 83, 84, 85an d • but baying ehaving 86 Aldgate, City, London; all communicatie"' Establishment. g with each other, and forming one vast connected with the Caution.—E. Moses and re m . against imposition ,to guard the public heardthem that that the untradesmanlike falsehood of being has been resorted to in many butane:nor the same concern," and fer obvious reasons, hey beg to state that they have no conneei an other hone* In or out of London, except their Branch E i shments ents, 36, Fargate, Sheffield ; and 19, Thornton's-buildings, Bra d ford, siim Y orkshire; those who require cheap and genuine clothing, hould at or send to the Ainories and Aldgate, City, London ; " or either of the Branch Establishments, as above. Take Notice,—This Establishment closed from sunset Frida sunset When Weinfeld 4 resumed till twelve o'clock. NAVAL INTELLIGENCE. PLYMOUTH, DEC. 31.—There will be a courtmartial to-morrow on board her Majesty's ship Impregnable, 78, flag-ship, Captain Sir Thomas Maitland, C. 8., to try Lieutenant Lewry, of her Majesty's ship Britomart, 8, Commander Chamberlain, on four separate charges of sleeping on his post, drunkenness, disobedience, and contempt. The Britomart returned from the coast of Africa a few days since, and is shortly to be paid off. The Indefatigable, 50, Captain Smart, K.H., went into Burn Pool to-day to have her compasses adjusted. She is expected to go to Lisbon. The Contest, 12, Commander the Hon. J. Spencer, bound for the coast of Africa with the mails, came in yesterday from Portsmouth. On the ship firing her salute, a sad accident happened to one of the men. It appears that a part of the old fuse had been, by accident, left in the touch-hole of the gun, and while the seaman was ramming in the charge, the powder ignited and an explosion took place, which so shattered the poor fellow's arm as to render amputation necessary. The Arethusa, 50-gun new frigate, will go out of dock on Wednesday morning. She is ordered to be Co mmissioned. The Fearless, steamer, will have her defects made good by the 9th. The Penguin, 6, Lieutenant W. Leslie, will leave Falmouth on January 6, for the Brazils. PORTSMOM, TUESDAY.—The royal yacht Victoria and Albert, Captain Lord Adolphus Fitzclarence, was towed round from the steam-basin to the old basin this morning, in readiness to be docked, in the room of the Devastation. The Fairy, tender to the above, was removed from dock to-day after renewal of the composition on her bottom, &c, The Termagant steam-frigate was docked to-day to have a new screw fitted, &c. The Fire Queen steam-packet, for the Holyhead station, sailed this morning in command of Lieutenant Jones, late of the Flamer. The Terrible steam-frigate, Captain Hope, sailed this evening for Devonport, with supernumeraries and newly-entered men, to be forwarded to the Superb, 80, at Queenstown, making up her complement to within 70. ROYAL MARINES. Captain Urquhart, lately removed from the active list of captains by her Majesty's command, has been appointed by the Secretary-at-War to the Paymastership of the 50tk Regiment, now serving at Hong. Kong. The military command at Ascension, now vacant by the unexpected return to England of C apt= John Mill er , h as b een accepted by Captain Lillicrap, of the Chatham Division. Among the many inconveniences to which the Portsmouth division and the service at large have been subjected by the removal of that corps to Gosport, a want of church accommodation is not one of the least. From 500 to 700 men attend the little parish church of Forton on Sunday; the building for some time wanting repairs, is now in a really defective and dangerous condition. One of the galleries appropriated for the men is supported by shores, and some fissures of considerable extent appear in the side wall. To lessen the probability of accident, it is suggested that until the necessary repairs are effected one half only of the division should attend divine service at once. " COUNTRY QUARTERS," BY THE COUNTESS Or BLESSINGTON.—' We hasten to notice this charming novel, because we are sure that the reading public will all be eager to learn of the appearance of this, unhappily, one of the latest productions of an accomplished lady's pen, and also on account of the elegantly-written memoir of the lamented authoress, by her niece, Miss Power. Lady Blessington is so celebrated as a novelist, that it were a work of supererogation to enter into any prais of her skill in such productions. It is only necessary to observe that " Country Quarters" will be found delightful; and those who do not take the benefit of the advantage now afforded them of revelling therein, will have reason to blame themselves for losing a decided treat in the engaging paths of fiction. We congratulate the novel-loving public on the appearance of a work which will altogether so charm and interest."—Morning Advertiser, 8. No person shall be held to answer for a capital or infamous offence except on presentment by grand jury, nor be put twice in jeopardy for the same offence, nor be compelled to be witness against himself. 9. No law shall be passed to abridge the freedom of speech or the press. In the trials for libel, if the matter charged be true, and published with good motives and justifiable ends, the party shall be acquitted, and the jury shall determine both the law and the fact. 10. The people shall have the right to meet freely, instruct their representatives, and petition the Legislature. 11. All general laws shall have a uniform operation. 12. The military shall be subordinate to the civil power; no standing army shall be kept in time of peace, nor in time of war shall appropriation for the army be made for more than two years. 13. No soldier shall be quartered in any house without the consent of the owner, or as prescribed by law. 14. Representation shall be apportioned according to population. 15. No person shall be imprisoned for debt, unless for fraud; and no person shall be imprisoned for a militia fine in time of peace. 16. No bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing the obligations of contracts, shall ever be passed. - 17. Foreigners, bona fide residents of this state, shall enjoy the same rights in respect to property as native born citizens. 18. Neither slavery, nor involuntary servitude, unless for the punishment of crimes, shall ever be tolerated in this state. 19. The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable seizures and searches, shall not be violated. 20. Treason against the state shall consist only in levying war against it, adhering to its enemies, or giving them aid and comfort. No person shall be convicted of treason, unless on the evidence of two witnesses to the same overt act, or confession in open court. 91. This enumeration of rights shall not be con• strued to impair or deny others retained by the people. ARTICLE lI.—RIGHT SIIITRAGEI. 1. Every white male citizen of the United States, and every white male citizen of Mexico, who shal3 have elected to become a citizen of th. ...uoanged and ratified at. I . l z n u d e e r r et t a h r e oi t o r n 30th day of May, 1848, o f t h e f- t u he age of twenty-one years, who shall have been a resident of the state six months next precedingthe election, and the county or district in which he claims his vote thirty days, shall be entitled to rote at all elections which are now, or hereafter may be authorised by law; provided, that nothing herein con• tained shall be construed to prevent the Legislatures, by a two-thirds concurrent vote, from admitting t o the right of suffrage Indians, or the descendants of Indians, in such special cases as such a proportion of the legislative body may deem just and proper. 2. Electors are privileged from arrest—and are not obliged to perform militia duty on election days. ARTICLE 111. The powers of the Government are divided into Legislative, Executive, and Judicial—and they are to be kept separate. ARTICLE IV.---LEGISLATURE. The legislative power is to be vested in a Senate and Assembly. The session shall commence en the first Monday is January. Members of Assembly are to be chosen annually on the first Monday in November. Senators are to be chosen for two years. Their number is not to be less than one-third, nor more than one-half, that of the Assembly. A majority of each house constitutes a quorum. Neither shall adjourn for more than three days without consent of the other. The Governor may veto any bill, but it may be made a law nevertheless, by a two-thirds vote. No divorce shall be granted, or lottery established, by the Legislature. Every law enacted by the Legislature shall embrace but one object, and that shall be expressed in the title ; and no law shall be revised or amended by reference to its title. The census shall be taken in 1852, 1855, and every ten years thereafter. The number of members of Assembly shall not be under 24, nor over 36, until the population is 100,000; and after that it shall not be under 30 nor over 80. 31. Corporations may be formed under general laws, but shall not be created by special Act, except fur municipal purposes. All general laws and special Acts passed pursuant to this section, may be altered from time to time, or repealed. 32. Dues from corporations shall be secured by such individual liability of the corporators, and other means, as may be prescribed by law. 33. The term corporations, as used in this article, shall be construed to include all associations and joint-stock companies having any of the powers or privileges of corporations not possessed by individuals or partnerships. And all corporations shall have the right to sue, and shall be subject to be sued, in all courts, in lik e cases, as natural persons. 34. The Legislature shall have no power to pass any Act granting any charter for banking purposes ; but associations may be formed, under general laws, for the deposit of gold and silver; but no such association shall make, issue, or put in circulation, any bill, cheque, ticket, certificate, promissory note, or other paper, or the paper of any bank, to circulate as money. 35. The Legislature of this state shall prohibit, by law, any person or persons, association, company, or corporation, from exercising the privileges of banking, or create paper to circulate as money. 36. Each stockholder of a corporation, or jointstock association, shall be individually and personally liable for his proportion of all its debts and liabilities. 37. It shall be the duty of the Legislature to provide for the organization of cities and incorporated villages, and to restrict their power o f taxation, assessment, hbe their credit, i g so m money, e t y o , p r c e o v n e t n r a t ct i abuses ng i debts, n asse a s n s d l. ments and in contracting debts by such municipal corporations. CONSTITUTION of CALIFORNIA. Governor Riley has issued his proclamation calling upon the people to vote for or against the adoption of the constitution which has been framed by their delegates assembled in convention. The places for holding the polls are to be designated by the prefects in their respective districts. The proclamation closes thus : " The people are now called upon to form a government for themselves, and to designate such officers as they desire to mike and execute the laws. That their choice may be wisely made, and that the government so organized may secure the permanent welfare and happiness of the people of the new state, is the sincere and earnest wish of the present executive, who, if the constitution be ratified, will, with pleasure, surrender his powers to whomsoever the people may designate as his successor." The constitution does not differ essentially from that of the state of New York, upon which in its most essential particulars it has been evidently modelled. The following synopsis gives all its provisions of any importance :- ARTICLE I. DECLAMATION OF RIGHTS. 1. All men are by nature free and independent, and have certain inalienable rights. 2. All political power is inherent in the people : government is for their benefit, and they have a right to change it at will. 3. The right of trial by jury shall be secured to all for ever; but a jury trial may be waived by the parties in all civil cases. 4. The free exercise of religious worship shall be for ever allowed, and no religious test shall be re• quired for civil privileges. 5. The syTitothabeas corprl shah . be suspended unless necessary in cases of rebellion or invasion. 6. Excessive bail shall not be required, nor true or unusual punishments be inflicted. 7. All persons shall be bailable except for capital offences. By order of the Board, JOHN T. TIDD, Secretary WeMngton.streei North, Strand. TOUT and PORTER.—JENNER, WICK ING, 3 and JENNER -are now delivering for cash, to Private Families, there celebrated PORTER at Is. and Imperial STOUT at is. 4d. per gallor. May be bad in casks of 4%, S, IS, and 36 gallons. - /f.ll.—Their•Ales are now in very fine condition. South London Brewery, Southwark Bridge-road. NOVELTY most recently introduced by MESSRS. NICOLL is called NICOLL'S PATENT EIDER DOWN PALETOT, such novelty consisting in the adaptation of Eider Down in the formation of NICOLL'S PALETOT, the original elegance and utility of which is, however, faithfully preserved. Eiders are found In great numbers in Iceland and the Fers Islands, where their beautiful and delicate down is well known to be proof against the most severe cold, and even the small quantity which can be compressed and concealed between the two hands, wil: serve in the formation of a Paletilt, which, while it has most extraordinary lightness, has, nevertheless, more warmth than the lines' and thickest blanket, the great desideratum for a winter garment being thus accomplished, namely, personal warmth without fatigue. Publie inspection is invited at MESSRS. NICOLL'S wholesale and retail warerooms, 114, 116, and 190, REGENT-STREET, and 22, CORNHILL, London. 911 HE NICOLL PALETOT (R eg i stere d 6 an d 7 Viet., cap. 65) WAREROOMS, 114, 116, 120, REGENTSTREET. and 22, CORNIIILL. Many have assumed the use of the word PALETOT, but Messrs. NICOLL are the sole Patentees of the design and material. The Wholesale and Counting House Departments for the London Branches in the Shipping and Woollen Trades are in CHANGEALLEY, CORNHILL, and 120, REGENT-STREET. The NICOLL is the distinguishing name given to a garment secured by Rsyal Letters Patent frora general imitation. It has all the advantages of Messrs. NICOLL'S original invention, the REGISTERED PALETOT of LLAMA CLOTH. The NICOLL PALETOTS are charged One, Two, Three, and Three-and a-half Guineas, according with the climate or purpose for which they may be required, DREDGE'S HEAL-ALL ; or Celebrated Embrocation, has long been known throughout the West of England, as the most efficacious Remedy for Rheumatism, Lumbago, Pains in the Limbs and Numbness, Sciatic and. Paralytic Affections, Face-ach, Sprains and Braises, Burns and Scalds, Spasms and Cramp, Stiffness of the Joints or Neck, Frozen Limbs, Chilblains before they are broken. It is likewise an infallible cure for that dangerous disorder the Quinsey or Sore Threat, in which it was never known to fail after a few hours application. Observe—That none can b. Gelatine unless the Stamp affixed to each bottle contains the name and address of Barclay and Sons, No. 95, Farringdon-street, who have purchased the property in this valuable article front the executors of the inventor, William Dredge, late of Wishford Wilts. Retail price, Is. PA d. and 2s. 9d. per bottle ; and sold retail by all respectable Medicine Vendors in Town and Country. THIRTY-FIRST EDITION. Illustrated by 26 Anatomical Coloured Engravings on Steel. PHYSICAL DISQUALICATIONS, GENERATIVE INCAPA • CITY, AND IMPEDIMENTS TO MARRIAGE. Aew dition, enlarged to 196 pages. Ju s t p u bli s h e d, pr i ce 2s. 6d., or ov non, direct from the Establishment, 3s. 64. in postage stamps, SILENT FRIEND, a Medical Work on the intrinities and decay of the generative system, from ex:essive indulgence, infection, and the Inordinate ase of nurcury, with remarks on Marriage, and the means of obviating cei t tin Illustrated by 26 Coloured Engravings. By R. and PERRY and CO., Consulting Surgeons, ltl , Berners-street, Oxord-street, London. Published by the Authors : sold by Strange, /1, Paternoster-row; Hannay, 63, and , 150, Oxford-stre e t ; 3tarie,23, Titchberne-dreet, Haymarket; and ordon, 146, Leaden,all-street. Panx I. treats of the anatomy and physiology of the re-productive .rgans, and is illustrated by Six Coloured Engravings. PART 11. treats of the consequences resulting from excessiveiiidulgence, and their lamentable effects on the system, producing mental aed bodily weakness, nervous excitement, and generative neapacity s Hlnstrated by Three Explanatory Engravings. Pahl 111. treats of the diseases resulting from infection, either in ne primary or secondary form, and contains explicit direetioe. This ...W ong .eventoon uoioured Magraviftge., ?ART IV. , contains a Prescription for the Prevention of Disease by a simple application, by which the danger of infection obviated. This important part of the Work should no escs,e the eader's notice. V. is devoted to the consideuation of marriage, and its duties. The causes of tuvroductive anion are also considered, and the whale subject critically and philosophically inquired into. TFIL,OIIDIAL BALM OF SYILIACUM it eactusfrtly employed in treat-1g nervous and sexual debility, impotence, Ac., Ils. and 335. per bottle. The Concentrated Deters! re rasence, anti-syphilitic remedy, for purifying the blood 1- cases ofinfection, secondary t7mptorns, eruptions, and the abuse .f tr.. - cury, I le. and 831. per bottle. Perry's Purirying Specific rue, Sr. 9d., 4s. 6d., and 11s, per box, a certain remedy for gonortt-coa, Elect, stricture, and chronic infiamma. lou of the bladder. ,onsnaation fee, If by letter, 11. A minute detail of the case is : age, habits, and position in society. Packets, wilt advice, to be had at the Establishment only, by which the foe, 11., saved. Messrs. Perry, Surgeons, are in &nea&nee nay- at 19, ttermers-street, Oxford-street, Lo u d on, from Eleven till Two, and Five to Eight, or Sunday from Eleven to One. NAVAL INTELLIGENCE. PLYMOUTH, DEC. 31.—There will be a courtmartial to-morrow on board her Majesty's ship Impregnable, 78, flag-ship, Captain Sir Thomas Maitland, C. 8., to try Lieutenant Lewry, of her Majesty's ship Britomart, 8, Commander Chamberlain, on four separate charges of sleeping on his post, drunkenness, disobedience, and contempt. The Britomart returned from the coast of Africa a few days since, and is shortly to be paid off. The Indefatigable, 50, Captain Smart, K.H., went into Burn Pool to-day to have her compasses adjusted. She is expected to go to Lisbon. The Contest, 12, Commander the Hon. J. Spencer, bound for the coast of Africa with the mails, came in yesterday from Portsmouth. On the ship firing her salute, a sad accident happened to one of the men. It appears that a part of the old fuse had been, by accident, left in the touch-hole of the gun, and while the seaman was ramming in the charge, the powder ignited and an explosion took place, which so shattered the poor fellow's arm as to render amputation necessary. The Arethusa, 50-gun new frigate, will go out of dock on Wednesday morning. She is ordered to be Co mmissioned. The Fearless, steamer, will have her defects made good by the 9th. The Penguin, 6, Lieutenant W. Leslie, will leave Falmouth on January 6, for the Brazils. PORTSMOM, TUESDAY.—The royal yacht Victoria and Albert, Captain Lord Adolphus Fitzclarence, was towed round from the steam-basin to the old basin this morning, in readiness to be docked, in the room of the Devastation. The Fairy, tender to the above, was removed from dock to-day after renewal of the composition on her bottom, &c, The Termagant steam-frigate was docked to-day to have a new screw fitted, &c. The Fire Queen steam-packet, for the Holyhead station, sailed this morning in command of Lieutenant Jones, late of the Flamer. The Terrible steam-frigate, Captain Hope, sailed this evening for Devonport, with supernumeraries and newly-entered men, to be forwarded to the Superb, 80, at Queenstown, making up her complement to within 70. ROYAL MARINES. Captain Urquhart, lately removed from the active list of captains by her Majesty's command, has been appointed by the Secretary-at-War to the Paymastership of the 50tk Regiment, now serving at Hong. Kong. The military command at Ascension, now vacant by the unexpected return to England of C apt= John Mill er , h as b een accepted by Captain Lillicrap, of the Chatham Division. Among the many inconveniences to which the Portsmouth division and the service at large have been subjected by the removal of that corps to Gosport, a want of church accommodation is not one of the least. From 500 to 700 men attend the little parish church of Forton on Sunday; the building for some time wanting repairs, is now in a really defective and dangerous condition. One of the galleries appropriated for the men is supported by shores, and some fissures of considerable extent appear in the side wall. To lessen the probability of accident, it is suggested that until the necessary repairs are effected one half only of the division should attend divine service at once. " COUNTRY QUARTERS," BY THE COUNTESS Or BLESSINGTON.—' We hasten to notice this charming novel, because we are sure that the reading public will all be eager to learn of the appearance of this, unhappily, one of the latest productions of an accomplished lady's pen, and also on account of the elegantly-written memoir of the lamented authoress, by her niece, Miss Power. Lady Blessington is so celebrated as a novelist, that it were a work of supererogation to enter into any prais of her skill in such productions. It is only necessary to observe that " Country Quarters" will be found delightful; and those who do not take the benefit of the advantage now afforded them of revelling therein, will have reason to blame themselves for losing a decided treat in the engaging paths of fiction. We congratulate the novel-loving public on the appearance of a work which will altogether so charm and interest."—Morning Advertiser, 8. No person shall be held to answer for a capital or infamous offence except on presentment by grand jury, nor be put twice in jeopardy for the same offence, nor be compelled to be witness against himself. 9. No law shall be passed to abridge the freedom of speech or the press. In the trials for libel, if the matter charged be true, and published with good motives and justifiable ends, the party shall be acquitted, and the jury shall determine both the law and the fact. 10. The people shall have the right to meet freely, instruct their representatives, and petition the Legislature. 11. All general laws shall have a uniform operation. 12. The military shall be subordinate to the civil power; no standing army shall be kept in time of peace, nor in time of war shall appropriation for the army be made for more than two years. 13. No soldier shall be quartered in any house without the consent of the owner, or as prescribed by law. 14. Representation shall be apportioned according to population. 15. No person shall be imprisoned for debt, unless for fraud; and no person shall be imprisoned for a militia fine in time of peace. 16. No bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing the obligations of contracts, shall ever be passed. - 17. Foreigners, bona fide residents of this state, shall enjoy the same rights in respect to property as native born citizens. 18. Neither slavery, nor involuntary servitude, unless for the punishment of crimes, shall ever be tolerated in this state. 19. The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable seizures and searches, shall not be violated. 20. Treason against the state shall consist only in levying war against it, adhering to its enemies, or giving them aid and comfort. No person shall be convicted of treason, unless on the evidence of two witnesses to the same overt act, or confession in open court. 91. This enumeration of rights shall not be con• strued to impair or deny others retained by the people. ARTICLE lI.—RIGHT SIIITRAGEI. 1. Every white male citizen of the United States, and every white male citizen of Mexico, who shal3 have elected to become a citizen of th. ...uoanged and ratified at. I . l z n u d e e r r et t a h r e oi t o r n 30th day of May, 1848, o f t h e f- t u he age of twenty-one years, who shall have been a resident of the state six months next precedingthe election, and the county or district in which he claims his vote thirty days, shall be entitled to rote at all elections which are now, or hereafter may be authorised by law; provided, that nothing herein con• tained shall be construed to prevent the Legislatures, by a two-thirds concurrent vote, from admitting t o the right of suffrage Indians, or the descendants of Indians, in such special cases as such a proportion of the legislative body may deem just and proper. 2. Electors are privileged from arrest—and are not obliged to perform militia duty on election days. ARTICLE 111. The powers of the Government are divided into Legislative, Executive, and Judicial—and they are to be kept separate. ARTICLE IV.---LEGISLATURE. The legislative power is to be vested in a Senate and Assembly. The session shall commence en the first Monday is January. Members of Assembly are to be chosen annually on the first Monday in November. Senators are to be chosen for two years. Their number is not to be less than one-third, nor more than one-half, that of the Assembly. A majority of each house constitutes a quorum. Neither shall adjourn for more than three days without consent of the other. The Governor may veto any bill, but it may be made a law nevertheless, by a two-thirds vote. No divorce shall be granted, or lottery established, by the Legislature. Every law enacted by the Legislature shall embrace but one object, and that shall be expressed in the title ; and no law shall be revised or amended by reference to its title. The census shall be taken in 1852, 1855, and every ten years thereafter. The number of members of Assembly shall not be under 24, nor over 36, until the population is 100,000; and after that it shall not be under 30 nor over 80. 31. Corporations may be formed under general laws, but shall not be created by special Act, except fur municipal purposes. All general laws and special Acts passed pursuant to this section, may be altered from time to time, or repealed. 32. Dues from corporations shall be secured by such individual liability of the corporators, and other means, as may be prescribed by law. 33. The term corporations, as used in this article, shall be construed to include all associations and joint-stock companies having any of the powers or privileges of corporations not possessed by individuals or partnerships. And all corporations shall have the right to sue, and shall be subject to be sued, in all courts, in lik e cases, as natural persons. 34. The Legislature shall have no power to pass any Act granting any charter for banking purposes ; but associations may be formed, under general laws, for the deposit of gold and silver; but no such association shall make, issue, or put in circulation, any bill, cheque, ticket, certificate, promissory note, or other paper, or the paper of any bank, to circulate as money. 35. The Legislature of this state shall prohibit, by law, any person or persons, association, company, or corporation, from exercising the privileges of banking, or create paper to circulate as money. 36. Each stockholder of a corporation, or jointstock association, shall be individually and personally liable for his proportion of all its debts and liabilities. 37. It shall be the duty of the Legislature to provide for the organization of cities and incorporated villages, and to restrict their power o f taxation, assessment, hbe their credit, i g so m money, e t y o , p r c e o v n e t n r a t ct i abuses ng i debts, n asse a s n s d l. ments and in contracting debts by such municipal corporations. CONSTITUTION of CALIFORNIA. Governor Riley has issued his proclamation calling upon the people to vote for or against the adoption of the constitution which has been framed by their delegates assembled in convention. The places for holding the polls are to be designated by the prefects in their respective districts. The proclamation closes thus : " The people are now called upon to form a government for themselves, and to designate such officers as they desire to mike and execute the laws. That their choice may be wisely made, and that the government so organized may secure the permanent welfare and happiness of the people of the new state, is the sincere and earnest wish of the present executive, who, if the constitution be ratified, will, with pleasure, surrender his powers to whomsoever the people may designate as his successor." The constitution does not differ essentially from that of the state of New York, upon which in its most essential particulars it has been evidently modelled. The following synopsis gives all its provisions of any importance :- ♦RTICLE I. DECLAMATION OF RIGHTS. 1. All men are by nature free and independent, and have certain inalienable rights. 2. All political power is inherent in the people : government is for their benefit, and they have a right to change it at will. 3. The right of trial by jury shall be secured to all for ever; but a jury trial may be waived by the parties in all civil cases. 4. The free exercise of religious worship shall be for ever allowed, and no religious test shall be re• quired for civil privileges. 5. The syTitothabeas corprl shah . be suspended unless necessary in cases of rebellion or invasion. 6. Excessive bail shall not be required, nor true or unusual punishments be inflicted. 7. All persons shall be bailable except for capital offences. ARTICLE T.--EXECUTITE. The GovernorFsTo be the chief executive officer. He is to hold office two years. He must be 26 years old, and a resident of the state (after the first election) two years. He must not be an officer of the United States. His duties, as well as those of Lieutenant- Governor, are similar to those of the same officers in other states. The Secretary of State is to be appointed by the Governor and Senate. The Comptroller, Treasurer, Attorney-General, and Surveyor-General shall be chosen by joint vote of the two Houses of the Legislature, at their first session, and thereafter shall be elected by the people. ARTICLE VI.-JUDICIAL. The judicial power of the state is to be vested in a supreme court, in district courts, in county courts, and in justices of the peace. The Supreme Court shall consist of a Chi e f Justice u constitute t two tea quorum. T Associate shall b e Justices of the Supreme Court shall be elected by the people, and hold office for six years ; the senior justice in commission be Chief Justice. The powers of the Supreme: Court are defined, and provision made for dividing- the state into districts, from each of which districts i jiEdges,are to be elected to hold office for six yew's. County judges, clerks, sheriffs, and all other officers are to be elected by the people. ' The justices of the Supreme Court and district judges shall be ineligible to any other office, during the term of which they shall have been elected. Tribunals for conciliation may be established. but they have no power to render judgment obligatory, except with consent of parties. Article VII. provides organizing the militia. ARTICLE VIII.-STATE DEBTS. The Legislature shall not in any manner create any debt or debts, liability or liabilities, which shall singly or in the aggregate, with any previous debts or liabilities, exceed the sum of three hundred thousand dollars, except in case of war, to repel invasion or suppress insurrection, unless the same shall be autho- rised by some law for some single object or work, to be distinctly specified therein, which law shall provide ways and means, exclusive of loans, for the payment of the interest of such debt or liability, as it falls due, and also pay and discharge the principal of such debt or liability within twenty years from the time of the contracting thereof, and shall be irreparable until the principal and interest thereon shall be paid and discharged; but no such law shall take effect until, at a general election, it shall have been submitted to the people, and shall have received a majority of all the votes cast for and against it at such election • and all money raised by authority o f suc h law shall be applied only to the specific object therein stated, or to the payment of the debt thereby created ; and such law shall be published in at least one newspaper in each judicial district, if one be published therein, throughout the state, for three months next preceding the election at which it is submitted to the people. ARTICLE IL-EDUCATION. Pro►ision is to be made for electing a Superintendent of Public Instruction, to hold office three years ; and a perpetual fund is created from all lands that may be granted by the.United.States, the 500,000 granted in 1841, all estates of persons dying without heirs or wills, &c., for the support of common schools. A school is to be kept in each district three months in each year. Funds shall be provided for the support of a university. ARTICLE X. Provides far amending the constitution. By passing the proposed amendment .by a majority in each branch of the Legislature for two successive sessions and then submitting it to the people. Oa the recommendation of two-thirds of the Senate and Assembly the question of calling a convention to amend or revise the constitution shall be submitted to the people. ARTICLE XI. Contains miscellaneous provisions. San Jose is to be the capital. Duelling is forbidden. The fiscal year is to commence on the Ist of July. The state credit is not to be loaned. Taxation is to be equal and uniform. All property of the wife, owned before marriage, and that acquired afterwards, shall be her separate property. Laws shall also be passed providing for the registration of the wife's separate property. The Legislature shall protect by law, from forced sale, a certain portion of the homestead and other property of all heads of families. ARTICLE XIL-BOUNDARY. The boundary of the state of California shall be as follows : Commencing at the point of intersection of the 421 degree of north latitude with the 120th degree of longitude west from Greenwich, and running south on the line of said 120th degree of west longitude until it intersects the 39th degree of north latitude; thence running in a straight line, in a south-easterly direction, to the river Colorado, at a point where it intersects the 35th degree of north latitude; thence down the middle of the channel of said river to the boundary line between the United States and Mexico, as established by the treaty of May 30, 1848 ; thence running west and along said boundary line to the Pacific Ocean, and extending three English miles ; thence running in a north-westerly direction, and following the direction of the Pacific coast to the 42d degree of north latitude ; thence on the line of said 42d degree of north latitude to the place of beginning. Also all the islands, harbours, and bays adjacent to the Pacifie appenued contains a variety of provisions of temporary and minor interest. THE MORNING MAILS FOR 1850. The following is the official corrected list of the post towns to which letters and newspapers can be forwarded by the morning mail trains as well as by the evening mails for the present year (Sundays excepted). Morning and evening mails are also made up for France and the Continent via Dover and Calais : Abergavenny, Abingdon, Accrington, Alnwick, Atnersharn, Ampthill, Andover road, Arundel, Ashford, Atherstone, Attleborough, Aylesbury, Banbury, Barnsley, Basingstoke, Bath, Battle, Bedford Belford 13elper, Berkb am p s t ea d, B erw i c k , Bewdley, 'Bicester, Billericay, Bilston, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Bishop's Stortford, Blackburn, Blandford, Bognor, Bolton, Roston, Brackley, Bradford (Yorkshire), Bradford (Wilts), Brandon, Brentwood, Bridgwater, Brighton, Bristol, Broadway, Bromsgrove, Buckingham, Burford, Burnley, Bury St. Edmund's, Cambridge, Canterbury, Carlisle, Chatham, Chelmsford, Cheltenham, Chepstow, Chertsey, Chester, Chesterfield, Chichester, Chippenham, Chipping Norton, Christchurch, Chorley, Cirencester, Cobham, Cockermoutb, Colchester, Collurnpton, Congleton, Coventry, Cowes, Crewe, Cranbrook, Cuckfield, Darlington, Dartford, Daventry, Deal, Derby, :Devizes, Dorking, Dorchester, Dover, Downham, Droitwich, Dudley, Dunmow, Durham, Eastbourne, East Grin - stead, Eccleshall, Edenbridge, Ely, Einsworth, Enstone, Epping, Epsom, Exeter, Esher, Evesham, Farnham, Fareham, Faringtion, Fenny Stratford, Feversharn, Folkestone, Frome, Gateshead, Gloucester, Godalming, Gosport, Grantham, Gravesend, Guernsey, Guildford, Haleswortb, Halifax, Harlow, Harwich, Hatfield, Hastings, Havant, Hemel Hempstead, Henley-on-Thames, Hereford, Hertford, Hexham, Higham, Ferrars, High Wycomb, Hoddesdon, Holbeach, Horsham, Huddersfield, Huntingdon, Hythe, Ipswich, Ingatestone, Jersey, Kelvedon, Kendal, Kenilworth, Kettering, Kidderminster, Knutsford, Lancaster, Leamington, Leatherhead, Ledbury, Leeds, Leicester, Leighton Buzzard, Lewes, Lichfield, Lincoln, Liverpool, Loughborough, Lowestoft, Ludlow, Lynn, Lymington, Lyndhurst, Macclesfield, Maidenhead, Maidstone, Malvern, Maldon, Manchester, Manningtree, March, Margate, Marlow, Maryport, Melksham, Melton Mowbray, Milnthorpe, Monmouth, Morpeth, Moreton-in-Marsh, Nantwich, Newark, Newnham, Newcastleon-Tyne, Newmarket, Newport (Isle of Wight), Newport Pagnell, Northampton, North Shields, Norwich, Northwich, Nottingham, Nuneaton, Oldham, Ungar, Oundle, Oxford, Penrith, Pershore, Peterborough, Poole, Portsmouth, Preston, Preston Brook. Queenborough, Ramsgate, Reading, Reigate, Ringwood, Rickmansworth, Ripley, Rochdale, Rochester, Ross, Rotherham, Rugby, Rugeley, Rumsey, Ryde, Rye, Saffron Walden, Salisbury, Sandbach, Sandwich, Saxmundham, Seven Oaks, Sheerness, Sheffield, Shepton Mallett, Shields, North Shoreham, Sittingbourne, Slough, South Shields, Southampton, Spalding, Stafford, Staines, Stamford, Staplehurst, St. Alban's, St. Ives (Hunts), St. Leonard's, St. Neot's, Stockport, Stone, Stourbridge, Stony Stratford, Stowmarket, Stratford-on-Avon, Stroud, Sunderland, Swindon, Tamworth, Taunton, Tenbury, Tenterden, Tetbury, Tewkesbury, Theme, Thetford, Thirsk, Thrapston, Tipton, Tiverton, Towcester, Tring, Trowbridge, Tunbridge, Tunbridge Wells, lUlverstone, Uxbridge, Ventor, Wakefield, Wallingford, Walsall, Waltham-cross, Wansford, \Vantage, Ware, Wareham, Warminster, Warrington, Warwick, Watford, Wednesbury, Weedon, Wellingborough, Wellington (Somersetshire), Wells (Somersetshire), Welwyn, Weymouth, Westbury, West Bromwich, Wititehaven, Wigan, Wigton, Wimborne, Winchester, Winchfield, 'Windsor, Wis. beach, Witham, Witney, Woburn, Wokingham, Wolverhampton, Woodbridge, Woodstock, Worcester, Workington, Worthing, Wymondham, Yarmouth, and York. All Ireland (three times a daymorning, afternoon, and evening mails). All Scotland. For all the above places the letter boxes at the receiving-houses will be open till 7 A.M. for newspapers, and 45 minutes past 7 AM. for letters ; and those at the branch offices, Charing-cross, Old Cavendish-street, and the Borough, for newspapers until half-past 7 A.M., and for letters until 8 A.M. At the General Postoffice, St. Martin's-le•Grand, and the branch office in Lombard-street, the boxes will close for newspapers at a quarter before 8 A.M., and for letters at half-past 8 .a.ii.—General Post-office, January, 1860. —Evening Mails.—The receiving houses throughout the metropolis are open until 5 30 P.M. for letters, or with a fee of id., in addition to the postage, which, as well as the fee, must be paid by stamps, until 6 P.M. At the branch offices the boxes are open until 6 r.m., or with a fee as above until 645 P.M. At Lombard-street office until 6 P.M., and until 7 P.M. with the postage and fee paid in advance in stamps, and at the• General Post-office until 6 P.M., until 7 P.M. with a fee of id. and postage, and until 7 30 rM. with a fee of Gd. As regards foreign letters presented at the branch offices after time, the postage and. From the report read by the secretary, it appeared that the number of loaded ships from abroad entered into the docks for the six months ending the 30th November last was 730, measuring 200,012 tons, while the number for the corresponding six months of 1848 was 983, measuring 234,426 tons. The amount of earnings for the same period was 247,300/ Bs. Bd.; for the corresponding period of 1848, 234,390/. 4e. ld. The deficiency of tonnage for this year consisted principally ,of grain -laden vessels which produce very small revenues to the docks. The expenditure for the six months of 1842 was 139,264/. 10s. 4d., compared with 132,907/. lls. 9d. for the corresponding period of 1848. The balance standing to the credit of the profit and loss account was 247,954/. 2s. 11d., out of which the directors proposed to pay a dividend for the six months of 2/. 10s. per cent., amounting to 90,957/. 12s. 3d., leaving a balance in favour of the company of 156,926/. 103. 3d. Of this sum the directors propose to appropriate 15,000/. to the credit of their account " new works," which will reduce the amount under that head to 33,939/. 7s. 11d. Of the balance standing to the profit and loss account, the sum of 189,603/. gs. 4d. consists of outstanding charges due to the company for goods now in the warehouses. The stock of goods in the warehouses for the last six months amounts to 127,825 tons, compared with 122,504 tons during the corresponding period of last year. The report concluded by stating that the directors had been forced to consider the necessity of having new warehouse-room, especially for indigo; and that they had concluded a contract with Messrs. Cubitt and Co. for the erection of warehouses on the sole remaining plot of ground on the company's premises, which were expected to be finished by the middle of the present year. The outlay was expected to be 82,000/. The CHAIRMAN said he would be happy to afford information to any proprietor who might wish for it. Mr. MATTHEW CLARK hoped the directors were well satisfied that the new buildings were absolutely necessar - y, and that they would be filled, otherwise it would be throwing their money away. But what he principally roe for was, to ask whether or not anything could be done for the labourers of the London Docks by building houses for them, which they might have at a few shillings rent—yielding them better accommodation than they now paid dearer for. He knew they ought not to lay out their funds in charity, or to let their benevolence supersede their interest—(Loud cheers) —but he thought it would be quite possible, while they consulted their interest, at the same time to ameliorate the condition of their labourers, by setting aside a small sum of moneyand it would not require a large sum—to be laid out in erecting plain but suitable dwelling-houses for their labourers, the rent of which, while moderate to the occupants, would return a fair interest to the company. The East and West India Dock Company had set an excellent example in this respect. They had, much to their credit, commenced a number of labourers' cottages in immediate contiguity to their docks ; and though he believed the rent of these cottages would yield them five or six per cent., yet it would also be a great boon to the labourer.—(Cheers.) The CHAIRMAN said be was much obliged to Mr. Clark for putting the question. The subject had not escaped the attention of the directors—(Hear, hear) —though he must remind them that the situation of the East and West India Dock Company was considerably different from theirs, as they had abundance of land outside their gates on which to build, while they (the London Dock Company) had none whatever. They had, however, been makingst inu o very uiriee. which it was to b e , ucuause it it were known that the London Dock Company were ma king inquiries for land, it would certainly not tend to lessen the price—(Hear, hear)—but there were two or three spare elocalities in their neighbourhood which they had been after, and they would still, as occasion served, continue them. The subject, however, was rather for the Court of Proprietors than for the directors, though he dared to say the directors would not disagree with whatever the proprietors might determine on. The directors thought that if they could build a number of suitable dwellings for a limited number of preferable men, so that they could know where to have them whenever they were wanted, it would be a most desirable thing.—(Cheers.) With regard to the new warehouses, he could assure Mr. Clark that they were absolutely necessary. He hoped to see them filled so soon as they were built; but even if they were not, they would give great facilities to carrying on the business of the docks, which was now greatly incommoded for want of room. The report was then put and carried unanimously. The accounts of the company were read and laid on the table. The CHAIRMAN said he did not know that he had anything to say beyond what was contained in the report. The desire and the object of the directors wse to do their best to bring business to the docks, and he hoped that upon the whole, though the number of ships had not increased, yet the amount of goods had, and the profits bad also considerably increased. He then moved that a dividend of 21. 10s. per cent. for the six months be declared, to be paid on the Bch inst., which was seconded, and carried unanimously. Mr. Geo. Marshall was then elected a director in room of Mr. Gore, &ceased; after which thanks were voted to the Chairman, and the meeting separated. ROYAL SOUTH LONDON DISPENSARY. The annual general meeting of the governors and friends of this dispensary was held last night in the board room of the institution, St. George's Cross. Mr. John Barnard presided. The committee's report, which was unanimously adopted, stated that the income of the charity for the year ending the 25th ult., from subscriptions, donations, and dividends, amounted to 6881. 6s. 9d., and that, after defraying the expenses, a balance remained at the banker's of 811. 18s. 4d., besides 31. 144. in the hands of the secretary. It appeared that the annual subscribers amount to 309, and that there is every probability of the number being increased. The number of patients in the year bad been 3,073. Of these 2,405 had been discharged cured; 442 relieved, 40 had died, and 186 were remaining upon the books. After the report bad been adcpted. Mr. ILn're proposed several alterations in the rules, which it was stated had been found necessary in order to increase the efficiency of the institution. The most important appeared to have relation to the medical officers, the number of which, in future, was directed to be regulated from time to time according to the wants of the institution. On the motion of Mr. LEWIS, a rule was added for the appointment, at a subsequent period, of a surgeondentist. The rules, as amended, were then agreed to. A motion was proposed by Mr. WATSON, and seconded by Mr. Jonas, both surgeons to the charity, to the effect that Mr. Hentsch, the resident medical officer, should be required to visit the out-patients in a certain district contiguous to the dispensary, in addition to his ordinary duties within the walls of the institution. The motion was supported upon the ground of the distance of the district from the residences of the surgeon, and of a more equitable division of the labour with the resident medical officer. Mr. FRANKS, a member of the committee, opposed the motion. He argued that it was inexpedient, inasmuch as whatever time the resident medical officer devoted to visiting out-door patients must be taken from his duties within doors. Mr. Lewis, who is also one of the surgeons, supported the motion upon the grounds of equity and principle. The resident medical officer had a salary of 1301. per annum, a house, and was permitted to carry on private practice, whilst the sur g eo n s bad only 60 1. per annum each, and were r eq uir e d to possess v ery c ew h a t s high qualifications. The resident medical offi ce r r ou ght to infinitely the best paid, and therefore g to be called upon to discharge som.uetthitnigme to attend a a tte fa n i d t ric bad t in f ufi question proportion of . to the patients of the di . ue e stion and indeed he had volunteered to do so provided he received th e li s e s salary of 601. me. Ilzarsca denied this statement, and said he had never made any such offer. Mr. LEWIS had been so informed. At all events Mr. Hentsch was very well paid : he had privileges which the out-surgeons had not, and upon every principle of equity he ought to be called upon to take his fair proportion of out-door duty. Indeed he (Mr. Lewis) had been told by Mr. Watson, and also by a member of the committee, that Mr. Hentsch had said be was prepared to take not a portion only, but the whole of the out-door duty, provided he received the salary.—(" No," from Mr. Hentsch.) This voluntary promise, as he understood, had been made at the time when the late surgeons resigned in a body. Mr. FRANKS observed that the whole of the time. . HE WE/4.T AND THE PARKS. The thermometer yesterday rose, at one period, as high as 41 degrees, whilst, during Monday night, it sunk as low as 24 degrees, considerably below freezing point. The barometer, at six o'clock last evening, stood at the Royal Humane Society's receivin -house, in Hyde-park, at 30.32, and the wind remained in nearly the same quarter as it was the previous day. The different carriage roads leading into the metropolis were extremely dangerous, and it was with difficulty that horses drawing vehicles could proceed along. This was especially the case at Holborn and Snow Hills, as well as at th e approac h es to the different metropolitan bridges. At Waterloobridge, and the road leading to it frcm the York Hotel, the thoroughfares looked like glass, the water caused by the thaw the previous day having been frozen in the night, so that it was found impracticable for any of the omnibuses or other conveyances going to the South-Western Railway to cross the water. Gravel was, therefore, plentifully scattered over the road and bridge, and by that means the traffic was resumed. The same was obliged to be done on several other main lines of road in London. The following is the return of the number of sliders and skaters yesterday upon the several ornamental waters of the royal parks:-- ST. JAMES'S PARK.—The ice about two inches in thickness, but still very dangerous, the glass here varying during the after part of the day from 34 to 32 degrees. About 6,000 persons amused themselves by sliding and skating. Mr. Frederick Symes, of Fi-h--street-hill, whilst sliding, fell upon, it is believed, the point of a skate, by which he was so severely cut that it is feared he will lose the sight of one, if not both eyes. Not a single immersion took place. Tits SERPENTINE, lITDE Paax.--Upwarde of 3,000 persons amused themselves on the ice, including several members of the Skating Club. The ice was returned as being 21 inches thick, but on account of the many springs in the river is still very dangerous. THE LONG WATER, KENSINGTON GARDENS.— The ice here was 2i inches thick, and the number of skakers and sliders (including a great many members of the Skatino. LIE MOUND POND, OPPOSITE KENSINGTON PALACE.—The ice on this point was 2k inches in thickness. Sliders and skaters, 1,000. No accidents. THE REGENT'S PARK. —The ice very dangerous, being not more than two inches thick. About twelve thousand skaters and sliders, but no „frt.. men of the Royal Humane Society, under tbe direction of Mr. Charlier, the secretary, and Mr. Superintendent Williams. rendered essential aid to the pnblic by pointing out the most dangerous places upon the ice, which prevented many accidents. VICTORIA PARlL.—Since Sunday the ornamental waters have been frozen over, and a large number of persons have daily collected for the exercise •of skating. It may not be generally known that the waters of this park are not so deep, and consequently not so dangerous, as those at St. James's and Hyde Parks. We believe, in the centre of the channel, the depth is not more than five feet. On the large space round the Chinese Pagoda, two or three thousand human beings were sporting away yesterday afternoon. On the bathing water, situate at the extreme eastern end of the park, a more select company was assembled. The only accident that took place happened on Sunday afternoon, when a number of Dutchmen went on the ice. A crowd of spectators followed them, and the weak part by the shore gave way, and nearly a dozen unlucky creatures hail a ducking. Nothing serious, however, occurred. SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. EPSOM SPRING - MEETING, 1850. The following is the complete entry for the Metropolitan Handicap:—Retail, 4 yrs—Osterley, 4 yrs—Mounsett., 4 yrs—Ellerslie, 5 yrs—Veloa, 4 yrs—Belus, 4 yrs —Elthiron, 4 yrs—Testator, 4 yrs—Seneca, 3 yrs— Lismahago, 4 yrs—Sylvan, 5 yrs—lron Rail, 6 yrs— G lutton, 5 yrs—Tarn Wadlin, 4 yrs—Bastinado, 3 yrs— Herbert, 4 yrs—Sunnyside 5 yrs—Y ar d A rm, age d — Ada Mary, 4 yrs—Black Eagle, 4 yrs—Caurire, 4 yrs— Woodlark, 4 yrs—Legerdemain, 4 yrs —Epirote, 6 yrs— The Knout, 4 yrs—Mickleton, 3 yrs—Babalonica, 3 yrs —Minimum, 4 yrs—Red Doe, 5 yrs—Damask, 3 yrs— Peep o'-day Boy, 6 yrs—Si-amau, 3 yrs—Dough, 4 yrs —Vampyre, 6 yrs—Quiver, 4 yrs—Borneo, 4 yrs— Cheerful, 4 yrs—Golden Pippin, 4 yrs—Wanota, 6 yrs —St. Antonio, 5 yrs—f by Vulcan, out of Lodola, 4 yrs —Melody, 4 yrs—Sir Gilbert, 4 yrs—Ciarissa, 4 yrs— Puffy, 4 yrs—Eva, 4 yrs—G&lipus, 4 yrs—Wild Bose, 4 yrs—Lammermoor, 4 yrs—lnheritress, aged—Roland, 4 s rs—Baby, 4 yrs—Snowstorm, 4 yrs—Alp, 4 yrs— Cbentrey, 4 yrs—Duc de Brabant, 4 yrs—The Premier, 4 yrs—Windergr.itz, 3 yrs—Gir•elle, aged—Fernhill, 3 yrs—Bacchanalian, 5 yrs—Backbiter, 5 yrs—Champion, 4 yrs—Lepidus, 4 yrs—Valentine, 3 yrs—Midia, 4 yrs —Abbot of Meaux, 4 yrs—Pelham, 4 yrs—Maltoa, yrs— Flatcatcher, 5 yrs—Westow, 4 yrs—Clermont, 6 yrs—The Nautch Girl, 4 yrs—Eagle's Plume, 5 yrs— Cockermouth, 5 yrs—Cossack, 6 yrs—c by Sir Hercules, i.ut of Etapr,is, 4 yrs—Saxon, 6 yrs—Quiz, 6 yrs— Ktssaway, 4 yrs—Juggler, 4 yra—Fringe, 3 yrs—Glendower, 5 yrs—Saucy Dick, 4 yrs—SL George, 3 y rs— Kennington, i yrs—Thringarth, 4 yrs—Chorister, si yrs —Sister to Pillage, 3 yrs. CHESTER CUP. The nominations subjoined are up to the close in town, and to four o'clock yesterday afternoon at Chester. A few more may be expected from the latter place, and several from York:—Cl rmont, Recepti The Arab, Damask, Chorister, lanthe, Fitzpatrick, Ballinafad, King of Oude, Pantomime, Fuglemen, Minimum, Bon Mot, Cockermouth, Lambs' Wool, Idle Boy, Colleen Rhue, Keleshea, Rhesus, John Cosier, Ada Mary, Manifold Peep-o'-Day Boy, Ellerslie, Loup Garou, Sir Richard, Captain Grant, Belus, Solun, Testator, Seneca, Epiiote, Strongbow, Montague, Tarn Wadlin, Langton, Pitsford. Glance, Saucy Dick, Lidy Evelyn, c by Lanereost, out of Concertina, Mounseer, Giselle, Rodney, Glee, Woolwich, Priestess, Knight of Gwynne, Woodlark, Cossack, Ch a t tere r, C o cktail, The Al p , Snowstorn, Inheritress, Post-tempore, Osterley, Ellerdale, Equeria, c by Verulam, out of Whim, Velox, W a ll ace, Sylvan, Lismahago, Glenalvon, Little Jack, Midis, Chief Baron, The Baroness, Legerdemain, U r i e l , Dulcet,Rathmines, Wanota, Surpli ce , Honeycomb, Loadstone , St. Antonio, Sid us, f by Ann, F B er r n e , nri Sauterus Baroness,-ia -Coupe, Augean Chanticleer, Miss Vulcan, out of Lodola, Era, (Edipus, Wild Rose (late L atc hing), Essederius, Teflis Vatican, Van Diemen, Hots r, Collingwood, Raby, ' p u ßoland, V anguar d, Th e Tartar, LKissaway, St. George, Greenwich, ECimar m is a sa by T G he la K di n a o to u r t , Theodore Hook, Backbiter, Due de Brabant, Quinine, Grief,aam b 3 C hantre, Pantaloon , V 3 est y k re ll , Harriett, Dough, Horn of Chase, Brot her : Dough , to Strychnine, and c by Gladiator out of Lily, 4 yrs. " THE WILMINGTONB." The new story, by the author of " Emilia Wyndham," just published, under the title of " Th e Wil m i ngtons, " is one of those graphic exposittoas of human life for which this gifted writer has obtained such ,celebrity. It is a tale of high principle, filial devotion being contrasted with that selfishness, in the pursuit of wealth, which is so often found developing itself at the expense of every natural sympathy. The characters of a father and a son thus finely contrasted are introduced in one of the most touching narratives that have issued from the press for many years. A great success is likely to attend this remarkable production, which will add to the well earned fame of the author of "Two Old Men's Tales" and " Emilia Wyndham."—Evening Paper. FORENSIC ELOQUENCE IN AMERICA.—The following " burst of nee" was &livered before a court of justice in Penns) lranic :—" Your Honour sits high on the adorable seat of justice, like , the AOatic rock of Gibraltar, while the eternal s'reams of justice, like the cadaverous clouds of the valley, flow meandering at your feet." :toted by all the surgeons topther Ayes not equal to the time givin dent medical officer. Mr. LEwls referred to the rules of the Metropolitan Dispensary, Cripplegate, and the AI del agatestreet Dispensary, to show that the principle he contended for was recognised in the practice of those institutions. lie added, that throughout England and Wales there were only two dis ensaries where the resident medical officers were per oitted to erg:age in private practice. Mr. said he was oblige,' to keep an assistant—indeed he was bound to kee one. Mr. LEWIS rejoined that Mr. Hentseh received a certain salary for dispensing, and if he kept an assi-t--ant that was his own affair. Mr. FRANKs explained that Mr. Hentseh's salary had been raised From 1001. to 1301. up-.n his own application, in consideration of the mum runs duties he had to perform ; but the 301. increase was granted solely for the payment of an assistant. Mr. HENDERSON hinted that the motion was attributable to a feeling of jealousy, Mr. Lawis warmly repelled the insinuation. He declared that he entertained no jealousy whatever, and his sole motive fur supporting th e mo ti on was that the surgeons should receive assistance in the discharge of their arduous duties. Mr. Franks himself had agitated the principle in committee. Mr. Fiterms explained that that referred only 'o cases of emergency, where the patients from any csu e could not be visited by the surgeon of the day. Mr. HENTSCH again denied that he had ever offered to undertake the out duty on condition of receiving the surgeons salary. H e h a d cer t a i n ly o ff ered to discharge it when the institution was placed in a very extraordinary position by the resignation of all its medical officers. Mr. Watson,. knowing that, asked him if he would again undertake the duty provided the surgeons gave up their salaries to him. His reply was that he should have no objection to try, but he could not do the work alone, and the money would enable him to take an assistant; but he had certainly never made an offer upon the simple condition of receiving the surgeon's , salary. He asked Mr. Watson whether this was not the truth ? Mr. WATSON said Mr. 'lents& bad stated he could not do the duty alone; but as to an assistant he (Mr. Watson) heard nothing. After a few more words from Mr. Franks, the motion was put and lost by a majority of one, the numbers being three for, and four against. The Committee and other officers for the ensuing year were then appointed, and the proceedings terminated. 