'THEATRE ROYAL. DRURY-L ANE.- a Le3SCC and ninAger, Mr. JAMES ANDERSON. the Lc:Asea respectfully begs to submit the following scale of Prices • : A.dmtssicn for public approval: boNe., if. 111. Cd., 27. 23., 17. lls, Gd., and Is. Stalls ss. each. A FIRST SF.OO_ , TD Boxes - -4 0 -Boxes -2 0 Pit - - - 2 0 Pit - - - 1 0 Lower Gallery 1 0 Lower Gallery -0 6 I Upper Gallery -0 6 No Ralf-price to Upper Gallery. THIS EVENING, Will be presented, by her Majesty's Servants, The Play of 'rim LADY OF LYONS. Claude Melnotte, Mr. J. Anderson Beanseant, Mr. Sfontagno ; Glavis, Mr. Parry; General Damas, Mr. Baker; M. Desehapelles, Mr. Davidge ; Pauline Deschapelles, Miss Vandenhoff. To be followed by a New Grand Historical, Metaphorical, Allegorical, and Diabolical Pantomime, by the author of Bluff Hal,' to be called HARLEQUIN and GOOD QUEEN BEST ; or, MERRIE ENGLAND IN THE OLDEN TIME, " Then the ladles with large ruffs, tied round about their necks so fast, Would gobble np a pound of beefsteaks for their breakfast . O ! the golden days of Good Queen Bess, Merry be the memory of Good Queen Bess."-01 Son. The Overture and Music entirely new, composed by Nobodyknowswho, assisted by Mortrt, Bishop, Rossini, Ware, Handel, Roth w,ll, Haydn, and the Ethiopian Serenaders. The Rounds are the composition of a select Circle. The Catches are by Locke. The Ballet Department tinder the superintendence of Madame Louise. The Scenery painted by Messrs. Brannin;, Jones, Wilson, C. Adams, and Assistants. The Properties, Magic Tricks, and Transfor.nations invented and executed by Mr. IV Blamire. The Costumes by Mr. Palmer and Miss Biggs. The extensive 3fnehlnay by Mr. Adams. The wholeproduced under the Direction of Mr. T. Thompson. IMMOIITALS. Christmas, Mr. S. Jonei; The Spirit of John Bleb, Mr. Darcie: I ha Spirt of Filth Tragedy, Mr. J. Parry; The Spirit of Punch .fisl Ernlce ; Spirit of Mother Goose, Gulliver, Baron Mtmehausen dec., &c., by &c., MORTALS. Cool Queen Bess, Mr. R. Rosner ; Any Rebsart, Mr. G. Watson ; He , Lovely Babby, Master Butter ; The Great Earl of Leicester, Deulin ; The Little Earl of Essex, Mr. Henry ; The Unspeakable Lord Burleigb, Mr. Johnson ; The Rasher Lord Bacon, Mr. Barry The Smoky Sir Walter Raleigh, Mr. Manderson ; The Dancing Lord Chancellor Sir Christopher llatton, Mr. Chapino: Maids of Honour, Pages, Beefeaters, Guards, Morris Dancers, Jesters, Wildmen, Dragoons, and other Bores, by the rest of the company. CHRISTMAS COMES BUT ONCE A YEAR, But although he comes in snow, he still hopes to meet with a warm reception—but where is he going? Why, to pay his yearly visit to the dpirit of John Rich; in the GHOSTLY CITY OF DEPARTED FUN. This city is composed of the Tombs of the by-gone Pantomimes" Who's dat knocking at der door?"—Come and see—" J. Anderson's my Joe, John." and " I am Rich," that's more than every one can say ; we wish they could—How to make a Pantomime ?—" that is the question"—but the answer, it is hoped, will be satisfactory— Poor Tra-ge-dy meets with no clemency, so we fly by night" to A SPLENDID HALL Iv TIIE PALACE OF GOOD QUEEN BESS. We now come to Historical Facts, therefore, as the Clown at Astley's would sat, " Let us be serious." It is an historical fact, aiat the Earl of Essex loved, or pretended so, Good Queen Bess, tik4refore he hated the Earl of Leicester, and thence arose a conspiracy—Sir Walter Raleigh fears his pipe will be put out—Bacon gets (mite in a frizzle, and Lord Burleigh shakes his head—bat there's nothing in that, whatever they may say to the contrary. It is an historical fact, that Good Queen Bess was assisted at her toilet by many of her nobleman, therefore the GRAND PROCESSION OF THE TOILETTE is introduced, in which the Royal Wig! the Royal Ruff ! ! the , •oyal Blushes !! ! and the Royal Petticoat ! ! will mate their t‘rst appearance on any stage, and trust to the " Mal Indulgence of a British Public." These are followed by GOOD QUEEN BESS en deshabille, as she Is represeuted 114 a picture at Ilaapton Court. —What comas next will certainly follow—and then will be seen GOOD QUEEN BESS in all her royal splendour.—lt is an Historical Fact, that Good Queen Bess, like " Young Susan" —" had lovers so many that she scarcely knew upon which to decido"—and It is an Historical Fact that the following were a few of them. THE REJECTED ONES : Philip of Spain, Prince Rupert, Prince of Sweden, Duke of An joa, rrince Aleneon, Marquis of Winchester, the King of Sweden, Itienry of Navarre, Archduke Charles, Earl of Arundel, Sir William Pickering, Charles Blount, and the Earl of Arran. Good Queen Bess appoints a meeting of these " wonderous proper men" at Kenilworth, but declares, that on her way, " A hunting she will go" —and having got on the " High Horse," the story gallops on to CUMNOR lIALL BY MOONLIGUT —Wilson. " Coming events cast their shadows before "—" Rest thee, darling "—Ketchy, ketchy, ket;hy—" Put out the Wrist, and then "—enter the Earl of Leicester on his way to Rendwerth—He stops at Love's half-way houie, the Itobsar Arms—" Oh, Susanna.," or rather " Oh, Amy !"—lt can't be said, "he makes no bones about it "—They part, '' more In sorrow, than in anger," but, " being gone, Amy is herself again "—that is to say, a rather jealous young lady, who to her " deep despair," introduces her Lovely Babby, to whom she sin;s the following pathetic stanza : " Come my babby, come along with me We'll go to far-famed Kenilworth, Your naughty dal to see," And so they do. KENILWORTH CASTLE As it appeared on the occasionof Good Queen Bess's Royal Visit. For further particulars Inquire of Sir Waiter Scott. It is an historical fact that Good Queen Bess paid the Earl of Leicester a visit, and ' paid the pipar." This, his gorgeous fete, half ruined him ; therefore we pity his fate, but must admit, his wondroas generosity, for all he ever hoped for in rebuts was—half-a-crown. The Earl forestalls Shakspere, by discovering " that the course of true love never did run smooth," for here he meets with sonic twenty " competiteurs," and to him they do come " petit oars," for they prove perfect bears, or, 'lore properly speaking, bores. A Lovers' Quarrel on a grand scale, a sort of " tir fir the million," takes place,walch, although beginning In lore, ends in war, and the total destruction of VIE SPANISH AItNIADA By Warner's Fulminating Blow-up—Tragedy has now done his worst, and Rich finding that even Rich must become poor if war continues, proposes a" Peace Congress," and brings all to a close by making them all change their elothes— The Earl of Leicester puts on the motley garb of Harlequin, M. Deulin. Lord Ilurleigh that of Pantaloon, M. J. Deulin. The Earl et Essex that of Clown, Mr. C. Stilt, And Amy Robsart dons the Rohe d'Amear of Columbine, if adlle. Tlieadore. All we have further to say for Good Queen Bess is—Vivat Regina, and off she goes." " Welcome, Old Friends, 'tis long since we met 1" " Here we are I" " How are you?" PRESERVE AND PICKLE WAREHOUSE, AND RAILWAY rrHE PEOPLE'S and Ho JOURNAL for this week contains a Beautiful Portrait of Kossuth, drawn by Anelay, with a Sketch of his Life, and numerous other articles from the pens of talented authors. Th a being the first number of a new volume, affords a favourable opportunity' for new subscribers to commenco.--Volume I. (new series) is now ready, handsomely bound in cloth, price 4s. 6d. London : Willoughby and Co., 23, Warwick-lane, and 2G, Smithfield. FRENCH. PLAYS and OPERA COSIIQUE, ST. JAMES'S THEATRE. Mr. MITCHELL begs respectfully to announce the following arrangements for the ensuing Season of French Performances at the St. James's Theatre, which will commence on MONDAY EVENING NEXT, Jan. 7, by the production of a new Opera, in Three Acts, entitled I.F. VAL D'ANDORRE. Principal characters by Madlles. Charton, Gulehard ; Messieurs. Chollet, Lac, Killy Leroy, and Nathan. ENGAGEMENTS FOR THE OPERA.—MiIIe. Chartou, Mdlle. Dehauser (pupil of the Conservatoire, Paris), M. Chollet (of the Theatre de l'Opera Comique, Paris. his first appeaarnce), M. Lac (Premter Tenor of the Theatres Bruxelles and Ghent, his first appearance), M. Nathan (Premldr Besse of the Opera Comique, Paris, his Hest appearance), M. Killy Leroy (pupil of the Conservatoire, Paris, his first appearance), Millie. Guichard, M. Buguet, M. Chateuufort, M. Soyer, M. Desvaux„Madame Manche, Mdlle. ?MU, &c. FOR THE COMEDY AND VAUDEVILLE.—M. Sainsou, of the fhettre Francais, Paris (his first appearance in this country) ; Mdlle. Denain, M. Regnier, 111dlle. Nathalie, (artists of the Theatre Franca's, Paris) ; Mdlle. Dejazet (who has accepted a farewell engagement in this country) ; M. Lafont, Mdlle. nos.° (of the The tire Du Vaudevil a) ; Mdlle. Page (of the Theatre du Varietes) ; Mdre. Constance (of the Theatre du Gymnase) ; Baptiste (of the Theatre de l'Odeon). An Engagement is also entered Into with the eminent Tragedienne, Mdlle. Machel, with whose performances the season will terminate. Mr. Mitchell begs further to submit an ontline of the general arrangements :—The Season will commence on Monday, January 7, 1850, by the production of a New Opera, In Three Acts, entitled " Le Val d'Andorre," produced in Paris at the end of last year, and since performed at the Opera Comique, l'aris, more than 100 nights, and at the principal Thea'res of France, with the greatest success. The Music by M. F. Haien , ; the Libretto by U. Da St. Georges, With the following distribution of the principal characters :—Stephan (jeune chasseur des Pyrenees), M. Lae; Le Joyeux (eapitaine de milice Frtmcalse et recruteur), U. Chollet, who has obligingly undertaken the part for the more effective production of the Opera ; Saturnia (garde-peche du Gave), M. Kitty Leroy ; Jacques Sincere (vieux cheerier), U. Nathan (their first appearance In this country); Theresa (fermiers du Val d'Andorre), Mdlle. iluichard ; Georgette (cousins de Stephan), Millie. Cotti ; and Rose de Mai (servants de Theresa), Mdlle. Charton. The second production will be Harold's celebrated Opera, in Three Acts, " Zampa," in which If. Chollet will personate the character or Zampa, as originally performed by him at the Opera Comique, Paris. Subsequently will be given, a new Comic Opera, in Two Acts, entitled "Le Ca;d," by the popular composer, Intbroise Thomas. And also, Auber's last new Opera of " Ilayelee," the character of Ilaydee by Chartoa. Other productions will be selected from the following : —Jeannet et Colin, Nicolo ; Le Roi d'Yvetot, Adolphe Adam; i.e Cheval de Bronze, -tuber; Le Macon, luber ; Le Sirene, .tuber ; Lully et Quinalt, Nic do ; La Perruche, Clapissoa ; Le Valet de Chambre, Carafe; Use Folie, Mehul ; with an occasional performance of some of the most poplar operas produced last season. According to present arrangements the representation of the Opera Comique will be limited to the months of January, February, and March, terminating the season before Easter. At the re-openieg of the Theatre, after Raster, on Monday, pri, 1, M. Samson (of the Theatre Francais, Paris) will have the honour of making his first appearance in this eouutry, and will perform with Mdlle. Denain (also of the Theatre Francais) In several of the most popular Comedies of the French stage ; and subsequeutly Jig Regnier and Mdlle. Nathalie (both artistes of the Theatre Francais) will al.pear in several of the most modern and successful Comedies recently produced in Paris. At tie end of May, Mdlle. Dejazet, whose re-appearance at tke Theatre des Varietes, after a severe and protracted indisposition, has bee attended with her accnstomed and unrivalled success, will appear in several new vaudevilles, as Le Marquis de Lauzun, Le Moulin d Paroles, La Jeunesso de Lully, &c. The performances of Comedy and Vaudeville will be supported by M. Lafont (of the Theatre des Varietes), Mille. Fige tc, Millie. Constance, Mdlle. Page, Millie. Baptiste, 3i. Armand, M. Leos, and a numerous company. The engagement of Mdlle. Rachel will commence at the end of June, by her appearance in M. Scribe's new play of " Adrienne Lecouvreur," a production which has excited mere than ordinary admiration ; Mdlle. Rachel wi'l also perform, for the first time, In Dumas' celebrated play of " Mademoiselle de Bede-Isle ;" and a new Petite Comedic, in One Act, entitled " Le Molneau de Lesbie," by Armand Berthet ; and by the occasional representation, each for nigAt only, of the classical Tragedies of " Phedre," " Les Menaces," " Andremaque," and " Bajazet," the season will terminate. The ORCHESTRA will be composed of the same eminent professors engaged for the opera last season, including If. Tolbeque, Bourotte, M. Deloffre, M. Newsham, U. Barret, N. Baumann, M. Pilet, M. Vaudreland, M. Remusat, IL Lt.zarus, If. Nicholson, U. Larkin, N. C. Harper, T. Harper, M. Campanile, M. T. Wright, &c. Director at tke music and Chef-d'Orchestra, N. Charles llanssens. Arrangements for season subscriptions may be mad• at Mr. Mitchell's Royal Library, 33, Old Bond-street ; Mr. Sams's Library, I, St. James-street ; Messrs. Andrews's, New Bond-street ; Ebers's an.l Hookkaln's, Old Bond-street. The Item-el:lee of the Theatre is open daily from Eleven till Five. MOB WATER AT LONDON N. Tnis DAY orning, 35 min. after 4 L Evening, 59 min. after 4 To- Mosaavr —Morning, T 2 min. after 5 I Evening, 49 min. arts! 4 r F. WEATIIER.—SuN Ovrica. JAN. 2. Lowo4t, 28;1 . Highost. 37; Noon, 35, BAROMETER, 30.28. WIND S.S.E.—dull foggy weather. and Childhood " with a century's gloom on infant brows," and all the other horrible characteristics of " the ripeness of the Art Which cheapcnl men—tlle of tho Mart," the canvesz, which truthfully prtrays the metro • pali3 of civilization in the r.iikteenth century. And this is the work which the latter half of century has to do—to remedy these evils, and r,d ress this injustice. The day is past when the hist or y o f a country was supposed to consist of an enumf.tration of its kings. The people of England have taken into their own hands that power which is only their 'national birthright. Let it now be seen that that power is worthily vested, by its being employed in the legitimate office of all authority—the securing the greatest good of the greatest number. The latter half of this century may be, and we trust it will be more glorious than its immediate, more glorious than any of its predecessors. It will be so, although not another laurel be added to our victorious wreaths, although not another discovery be made in science or another individual triumph be obtained in art or literature—the close of the century will consummate and surpass the achievements of its commencement—if injustice b 3 expunged from our political and social code of right, and the brotherhood of man be practically acknowledged. It is, perhaps, too much to anticipate such a reformation even in half a century. But it commences under happy auspices, as an example of which let us mention the fresh list of large donations to that benevolent Emigration Fund which is so admirably calculated to begin the reforming labours of the half-century. Other and more radical reforms are imperatively required, for some of which we look to the opening of Parliament, and all of which depend upon the unanimous efforts of the people. The men of the present day, the men of 1850, have it in their power to bequeath to their posterity a state of things which shall for ever surround this epoch with A purer famo Than gathers round Mirengo's name." The social and political condition of Ireland never presented a more anomalous appearance than at this moment. The elements of civil strife are being put in wild commotion from one end of that unfortunate island to the other. The tocsin of an insane agitation has been sounded on the banks of the Suir ; and, tell it not in Gath," the welcome sound has been re• echoed along the wild hills of Mourne. Tipperary and Dolly's Brae have formed a congenial coalition. Indeed, the pandean pipe of a suburban showman never, in its loudest and most gregarious notes, congregated a more motley group than has been gathered by the "petition" of Lord GLESGALL. The Tory bigot, the unmitigated enemy of civil and religious liberty, who has been for ages the willing tool of an exclusive faction, and through whose agency that system of misrule was perpetuated which has reduced Ireland to her present almost hopeless condition, has at last been awakened to the notion that he has a country, and when he has discovered that all the loaves and fishes are no longer to be his, he joins in the shout of nationality and " protection." The discontented Whig swells the• cry, anxious to embarrass a Government that has neglected his talent or been deaf to his importunities. The grumbling Repealer, sick of the old shops, harks in, glad to find a vent for his discontent through a new channel, which gives him the opportunity of singing a song of triumph over his ancient enemies and new allies, the bigotted Tory and the discontented Whig Protectionist: it forms half his incentive to join them to be enabled to taunt them with neglecting the forewarnings of O'CommiLL. Can it be matter of surprise that a raw levy like this, called together for selfish purposes, and withou' one sympathy in common, should be discomfited whenever and wheresoever they attempted to rear their motley standard? Some high and honourable names, amongst others that of the Noble Projector of the scheme, are, no doubt, associated with this foolish cry of " protection," but even with these adjuncts they endeavour in vain to hoodwink the people. But they will not be misled by the specious humbug. They ..,.I.r.tand the relations between rack rents and protective duties ; they uud.r.L.na that moderate rents and moderate prices are conducive to the comforts or the many, though they may retrench the superflui ties of the few; and they will not consent to the retrogressive step of re-imposing a tax upon the necessaries of their fellow-man. All through Ireland, wherever an important meeting was attempted to be called for the purpose of carrying out the principles of the Protectionists, the common sense of the people universally prevailed, and the advocates of high rents and the re-imposition of the bread-tax were obliged to retire in utter discomfiture. Who has raised and what is the object of this mis chievous cry ? It has been raised by the landlord class in Ireland, and we are disposed to think for the purpose of blinking the settlement of the land question. It is notorious, that in the greater part of Ireland land is let at a rack Int, and that the farmer has no interest in its improvement. With all his toil and industry, be is scarcely able to work out the assumed rent, while he and his family drag out wretched existence on the rudest fare. Bread, and beef and beer, are things to him as visionary as tht scenes of a fairy tale. If a poor man should have happened to get a few acres of waste land at a low rent, the moment that by his indefatigable toil it became of some value he was at once kicked out, or a rack rent was laid on, thus depriving him of the fruits of his labour, of what he had earned by the sweat of his brow—the humblest privilege of his fallen condition. Landlords of Ireland, you have the cure of this crying evil in your own hands; turn your attention to this object of practical usefulness, and give up delusions—for a greater delusion never haunted a monomaniac than to suppose that the British empire will make a retrograde move in legislation for the special benefit of a few Irish landlords. The masses have too extensively felt the benefit of the extinction of the bread-tax to allow its re•imposition. The Government of the country are aware of this, and cannot heed your petitions or your threats ; they are both alike vain and futile. Cease then to delude yourselves, and attempt not to delude others, but give your best aid to what we be. lieve to be a willing and well•disposed Government; strengthen the hands of a Viceroy who has on all occasions manifested an anxiety to apply fitting remedies to the social and political evils of the country. The " protection" which the poor people of Ireland require is moderate rents and a legalized tenant-right. The Irish Viceroy has, indeed, at this moment, if not a difficult, at least a troublesome period of duty. Wbig, Tory, Repealer, Orangemen, all have flocked to the standard of GLENGALL, and each, after his own fashion, flourishes his weapon against the Irish Government ; but we believe Lord CLARENDON is fully able for the occasion, and will• keep the even tenor of his way, administering justice with impartiality, and despite all malcontents encouraging the arts, agriculture, and industry of the country. WYNYARD PARK, DEC. 31.—ACCIDENT TO VISCOUNT SRAHAM.—We lament to state from authority that an afflicting accident has occurred to Lord Seaham, while shooting in the preserves at Wvnyard Park, on the 31st of December, 1849, with his brother and keepers. A rebound of single small shot from a tree struck his Lordship's left eye, and great fears are entertained that the vision will be affected. Expresses and telegraph messages were immediately dispatched, by Lord and Lady Londonderry, for Sir John Fife, Dr. Trotter in the neighbourhood, and for Mr. Alexander and Mr. Travers from London. Sir Charles Forbes is also staying at Wynyard Park. Lieut. Brooks M'Carty, of the 4th Regiment, stationed in Anglesey Barracks, Partsea, died on Friday evening last, after a short illness from virulent smallpox. His remains were interred in the Military Chapel tyArial-ground, on Monday morning, with military honours. lie w.is a remarkably fine healthy young man, only 25 years of age, and was highly esteemed in his regiment. Ve are glad to mention that Messrs Speir and Co , whose suspension in the East India trade took place in the crisis of 1848, chiefly in cresequence of the death of the senior partner have now realised th e b e li e f w hi c h was then ex pre§se ' d regarding their aclival solvency by the payment of 20s. in the pound to all tEroreditors, with interest in full. CIIARLEROI AND ERQUILINES RAILWAY.-It i 3 et pected that in another ten months this line froniCherleroi, and the entire line from Cologne to the frontier of France at Erquelines, will be completed. The last call but one will not be made until March, owing to the necessary suspension of certain works in the winter months. OFFICE Cupid and Clown—Butter and mnwarian Knock-'em- Downs, and German Toys—War to tho Knife, sand Terri.. Mon—Railway Offices to Let—Pantaloon becomes Tenant—Shares at a Discoant—Clown Cooks Accouipts, and Railway King in Tribu- latiun--Change to INTERIOR OF CATACOMBS SIMPSON'S DIVAN AND TAVERN, Strand. The most approved way of Cooking a Goose—Clown makes himsel Welcome—the Walters at Fault—a Transformation—Clown Puzzle,' A Kitten Wanted—Save the Credit of the Establishmeut—Pollem ! Police ! -and Change to EXETER HALL. Meeting of the Peace Congress—How to get up a Row—Prosyiltes Beware—Humbug the Order of the Day—Embracing at a Premium, and Domestic Tab'ean of the ILappy Family, POULTERER'S AND SHOP TO LET. Stick no Bills, in case yin should Kill Sweet William. A DOWNRIWIT "'SWIM' DANCE." Heads Win the Prize. SMITEIFIEL'). Potatoes all Hot—Toss and Buy—Three real Epping Sausages, and Bread, for One Penny—A Mad Bull—Pork versus Tabbies—l Report for Enlarging Smithfield .Market Purifying Pills — New Tariff—Gin Greatly Reduced—Warranted not to Produce :Apo, taneous Combustion—Puff, the Order of the Day—Punch and the City Naleanco—GoA S it, ricks— and Sudd SPO en Trancfoimatioa to ÜBRIOUS T. STREET AND LO iGING•HOUSES. What will be seen here 13 of little use to those who have no eye, —" Lend me your ears"—" Oh, what a falling off, my oountrymet w en you, and f, and all of us, fell down."—Shakspero. BED-ROOM IN LODGING-HOUSE, comfortable Quarters—Lola, and the Gallant Son of )fare—Clown's rotiun of Warm aad Convenient Arrangements—Good Night—Late Visitors—A Troublesome Customer —Mr. Walker, an intruder— Novel Mode of Expelling same—A Stormy Night—Clown and Pantaloon In Great Alarm—lncantation Extraordinary—and Ganiral Chamber Polka. CHARING-CROSS AND STRAND. What's to be done ?-11oy the Lady's Newspaper. FROST FAIR ON THE THAMES. Ice Scup—Temperance Hotel, J. Frost.—N.B. Iced Champagne — oh, the Roast Beef of Old England !—Sports of the Glacearunt " Plaisirs d'llivcr"—Clown wants sonic Fish, but can only get skate, which he finds rather tough ; it won't go down, though he does. FATHER T/1.1 , 4 Es' RETREAT, I , Tiddyball's Alley, in the middle of the Thames, with Brass Door and Gingerbread knocker. General "Meeting of the Waters"—The Alarm—Summoning of the City Abominations—Arrival of tlie Resident Director of the" Silent Highways"—Fearful Resolve—MarshalllM; of the Forces —( fraud Attack, and Tableau of Interest. SOUTHAMPTON WATERS, WITH VESSEL For California or anywhere else. GRANO MOVING DIORAMA, designed and painted entirely by Drunaing. Illustration of Her Most Gracious Majesty's Visit to Ireland, showing the following points of interest : —Departure for Osborne—Passing Cowes and a►proaching the Needles—The Royal Yacht passing through the leet at Portsmouth—The Eddystone Lighthouse—Passing the Land's End at Sunset—The Royal Squadron by Moonlight—and Arrival at Queen's Town. Three cheers and a hundred more ! Scene the Last. TIIE PALACE Oh' PANTOMIME. Stage Manager, Mr. James AHderson, Acting Manager, Mr. Bennett. Treasurer, Mr. W. Dunn. Ifniteal Director, Mr. G. H. Rodwell. Leader of the Band, Mr. J. W. Thirlwall. Ballet 'Mistress, Madame Louise. Scenic Artists—Mews. Brunning, Jones, Wilson, C. Adam, and Assistants Decorative Artist, Mr. W. Illamire Stage Director, Mr. T. Thompson Machinist, Mr. W. Adams, Prompter, Mr. C. Melville, Costumiers, Mr. I'Amer and Miss Biggs Box-book-keeper, Mr. J. Povey. THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET. Mr. B. Webster, Sole Lessee and Manager, Old Brompton. THIS EVENING, Wilt be ➢erformed an entirely new and original Play, entitled THE LOVING WOMAN. %Vielfert, Mr. Howe; Rosen. Mr. C. Kean ; Hermann, Mr. J. Wallack; Max, Mr. H. VandenhofT; Ottillla, Mrs. C. Kean. To be followed b♦ a new Lyric Dramatic Sketch, entitled KING RENE'S DAUGHTZR. King Ilene, Mr. James Wallack , Ccint rristan, Mr. C. Kean ; Sir Geoffrey, Mr. ITabster ; folanthe, Mrs. C. Kean. To conclude with THE NINTH STI.TUE ; or, The Jewels and The Gem. Principal characters by Mr. Munvard, Miss P. Horton, Mrs. 1.. S. Buckingham, and Miss K. Fitzwilliam. The Box-ofille Is under the direction of Mr. I. T. Archer. THEATRE ROYAL. ADELPHI. the direction of Madame Celeste. THIS EVENING Will be performed a new doraestle Drama, called THE WILLOW 'OPSE. Principal characters by Messrs. Hughes, Wright, P. Bedford, 0. Smith, Worrell; Madame Celeste, and Miss Woolgar. After which FRANKENSTEIN or, The Model Man. Frankenatein, Mr. Wright ; the What is It? Mr. P. Bedford; Zaralel, Mr. 0. Smith ; Otto of Rosenberg, Miss Woelgar ; Tiddlewinez, Miss E. Chaplin ; A:fatha, Miss Coveny ; Undine, Miss E. Hardin:. To conclude with a new slippery sketch called MRS. BUNBURY'S SPOONS. Mr. Highbury Barnes, Mr. P. Redford; Bob Twinks, llr. Wright ; Job Smith, Mr. 0. Smith: Mrs. litanbary, Mrs. F. Matthews; Mrs. Iliglibury Barnes, Miss Brooks. ROYAL LYCEUM THEATRE. Civics the Management of Madame Vestris. -;ole Lessee, Mr. Charles Ma+ he ws. THIN EVENING. be Performed TIE WOULD RE AN ACTOR. after which ISLAND OF JEWELS. To eon' hole with A PRACTICAL MAN. I) e" Upper Boxes. ; rit, 2s. ; Gallery. Is. No (-price to any part of the house. alt applicationm for Private Boxes :nest be made to Mr. Allcroft, 15, New Bond-street. Mr. J. M. and vanager• THIS Fill bo performed a new awl erlginal comic Op era c alled MINA characters by Meur s . W. H arrison, Weiss, Cord, Wynn rs. Weiss. and Miss Louisa Psne. To conclude with KING ; or, H arlequin and Magic Fiddle more; Columbine, Miss Fawcett. r.trquin, Mr. llo!ogna ; Pantaloon M , Mr. Paul o; Clown, r. Fle3C- ASTLEY'S ROYAL Prorrictar, Mr. W. Batty. EVENTN•. r. BATTY has great pleasare In announcing that he has sue. ceelrd in engaging Malemolsolle ANGELI.% front the Hippodrome, Pail-, and who Is the first Egncstrian of the d a y , w i th her highly_ !rained Ste " Senora" and Bertram." Angele is the same Lady that rode the celebrated EnOish Steeplechase Mare "Angela" over twenty•eight feet of water. She will make h er penrance at Astiey's Ampitheatre This Evening. Reappearance Calcine. A Grznd Juveuile Night on Thursday, commencing with the The performance will commence at a Quarter to Rev,. w i th a new Grand Spectacle of THE KNIGHT OF TIIE EAGLE CRES T or, The Tournay of Love, in which Mr. N. T. Hicks will appear. To be followed by a brilliant display of Batty's peerless scenes of the Circle, supported by the accomplished artistes of the establishment. To conclude with a grand Equestrian Comic Pantomime, by Nelson Le - :, called HARLEQUIN 'YANKEE DOODLE, ho came to Town upon his little Pony. Box-office open from Eleven till Four. 3fanager, Mr. W. West. At his recent rent day, Bryan Burrell, Esq., of Broome Park, made the liberal return of 10 per cent. to his tenantry in this county.—Newcastle Journal. NOTICE BURICOS LANDED GENTRY FOR 18;0. This Important National Work will in future be PUBLISH E I) ANNUALLY on the plan of the Peerages. The NEW, ENLARGED, and CHE.LPER EDITION, for 18541, corrected to tho Present Time, compriAng particulars of upwards of 100,100 Persona, will Shortly be ready for de very, end tho:c who des'ret cote on the of publie 1:on are requested to send their order: , innniz:diately to their respective booksellers. The entire wart 9 now comprizeci in two large volumes, royal Bve., elegantly printed in double column!, containing more matter than 30 ordinary vo:ume!, Price 2/. 21., handcomely bound in morocco cloth. Henry Colburn, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street. NOTICE Nov ready at all the Libraries, in 3 vols. post Bvo., THE COUNTESS OF BLESSINGTON'S NOVEL, " COUNTRY QUARTERS." With Portrait, and Memoir of her Ladyship by her Niece, Miss Power. Also, now ready, MISS PARDOE'S FLIES IN AMBER. 3 vols. NAPIER'S SOUTHERN AFRICA. 2 vols., with numerous Illustrations. " the fullest, clearest, and most satisfactory account of everything relating to, ortonnected with, the Cape, that we have yet seen." — Naval and Military Gazette. Shoberl, Publisher, 20, Great Marlborough-street. Oblening int r,ONDON, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 1850, We have already considered the changes which the year that has just closed has effected in the European continent—changes which, however disastrous they may at first sight appear, are in reality only calculated to advance the great popular cause. If we look nearer home we shall find a similar prospect. 1849 has been (in some respects) a year of adversity, but of that adversity which is the nursing mother of good things. Death has been busy amongst us, but the premature deaths of the few have been, let us hope, the precursors of ameliorated life to the many. For years there has been much talk about unequal taxation, unjust laws, the sorrows and sufferings of the poor, and the negligence, culpable or accidental, of the rich ; it was left for 1849 to attest with a terrible severity the truthfulness of such complaints and the enormity of such short-comings. It remains for 1850 to realise the promises and expiate the offences of its predecessor. It remains for the latter half of the nineteenth century to render the boasted " progress" and civilization of the first half a glorious reality. It is true that the men of this country have cause to reflect with pride on the doings of the last fifty years —fifty years during which individuals of the three kingdoms have signalised themselves in the several paths to distinction—fifty years during .which the British people—as a peopli—have reached and maintained a political position hitherto unparalleled. But five years of this half century had passed when it witnessed the tearful triumph of Trafalgar, and now at its close it has again borne testimony to the popular lore and gratitude towards NELSON. By sea and by land, in the heart of Europe and in the far extremities of Asia, the laurels of war have been bountifully gathered by British hands. In the fields of literature the labourers have been so numerous as almost to defy, and so celebrated as not to require, enumeration—rich indeed is the literature of a half century whose first days witnessed the rising genius of a SCOTT, and whose close has seen the chefs (I*(euvres of a DISRAELI, a BUMPIER, and a DICKENS. To attest our practical progress in the path of science, we have only to point to those innumerable railroads which render the transit to all parts of the kingdom a matter of marvellous rapidity; we have only to call in mind that " the sun has become our portraitpainter, and the lightning our bearer of messages." In the political world the good effects of this halfcentury have been no less conspicuous and important. The barriers of intolerance iu religion and monopoly in trade have been materially overthrown ; Christians of all denominations now rank among our legislators, and the first act of Parliamentary reform has been successfully accomplished. Without pursuing the enumeration further, it is easy to see that these fifty years have not been unimp ortant or inglorious ones in the history, internal and external, of the British empire. Yet, having said thus much, having thus exclusively contemplated the bright retro-pect of these fifty years, how false is the picture thus given of England in the nineteenth century—how much has been kept unsaid and of what a gloomy character. Liko ARTHUR in the " halls of Tinto," let us seek another test of our national prosperity, like him, let us exclaim— "Where stands the reople?—Genizia lift the blind!" And like him we shall meet with the same sad an. s wer— Slow fades the pageant, and the phantom stago As slowly fill'd with squalid, ghastly forms; Here, per fireless hearths, cowered shivering Age." And "Youth all labour-bowed, with withered look,". ME, FRENCH REP ÜBLIC. We have received the Paris papers of yesterday. .."Che debate on the La Plata qwction was jume d in the AKembly on Monday by the Minister for Foreign Affairs, General Lahitte, who said that the question was so grave, so complicated, and so delicate, that every member of the Assembly must be anxious to rest his judgment on authentic documents. lie accordingly would proceed to correct some errors committed by the reporter of the Committee. One of his principal arguments was the apprehension that Roses would attack the Brazils. Now, he had received yesterday a memorandum from the Charge d'Affaires of that empire in Paris, denying having made any application to the Committee to obtain such a declaration. The Brazils, he said, did not dread an invasion, and the empire had hitherto maintained the strictest neutrality on the question of La Plata. General Lahitte had seen, a few days ago, M. Lisboa, the Brazilian Minister in London, who declared to him that the relations of that empire with Roses were perfectly satisfactory ; that if that chief became master of Montevideo, he would have too much to do at home to attack Brazil, and that, moreover, that country was separated from the Oriental Republic by immense plains and deserts. M. Daru, reporter of the committee, said that he had founded his opinion on the instructions given by the French Government to its agent in La Plata, dated the 22d of March last. That agent was instructed to proceed first to Rio de Janeiro, and inform the Emperor of the object of his mission, because the Brazils were directly interested in the question, and that it was at the suggestion of the Brazilian Govern. ment, in 1845, that England and France had resolved to interfere. en laid t Rouher,had n o t Minister nn otbyto thee h choose f se Justice, committee, between a s t a nh i d d e tt t hw h e a o t r ea t sl h tp e G eornnsa o i i e v r M e n s bility of the choice entirely belonged to the Assembly. Should the Assembly decide in favour of the war the Government would demand the credit necessary, and execute the decree of the Assembly. But, if it desired to know the opinion of the Cabinet, he would say that it did not believe the honour and interests of France demanded war. In 1845 circumstances were different. There were then between 19,000 and 20,000 French at Piontevideo. France was directly interested, and owed protection to the French population. At present their number did not exceed 2,000 or 3,000. The remainder had emigrated to Buenos Ayres, where there were now at least 10,000, protected in their persons and property by General Rosas. In 1844 the commercial interests of France were at Montevideo, whilst they were to-day at Buenos Ayres. The Committee recommended a policy of action, that was war, without permitting the Government to have recourse to further negotiations. War, it was said, would serve the commercial interests of France in La Plata. Now, he knew no other influence beneficial for free trade than peace.--(A. voice on the Left—" Peace at any price.") The Committee had not calculated the consequences of its recommendation. In 1838 coercive measures had been resorted to, and in 1845 the he wasgloriou not aware that they h glorious battle theObligadaod produced ha any resultsdbeenfought,and for the pacification of the country. In 1846 the strictest blockade had been established by the British and French squadrons, without a better result. M. Daru had invoked the authority of General San Martin. Now, he (M. Rouher) held in his hand a letter written by that General on the 231 of December last, stating an opinion diametrically opposed to tliat adduced by M. Daru. What the Committee proposed was the installation of a new Algeria, at a distance of 3,000 leagues from France.— (Bravos on the Right.) M. Rouher then proceeded to demonstrate that the honour of France was not engaged in the question. The treaty concluded with Roses secured the independence of Monte• video, and provided that it should never be incorporated with the Argentine Republic. The armistice concluded with Rosas had been religiously observed ; the French residents were effectually protected, and negotiations were still pending, which the Government could not honourably break off by a declaration of war. He had made known to the Assembly the real interests of France in the question, and he now informed it that the Government would continue the negotiations, and adopt efficacious measures for the protection of the French residents against every contingency. M. Daru observed that the speech of the Minister was a reply to that of M. Larochejacquelin, and not to his own. The Committee recommended not to negotiate on the same conditions as hitherto ; not to ratify the treaty; to choose between the abandonment of Montevideo and action, of which the Government should determine the strength and extent. By the word "action" war was not meant.—(Expostulations on the Left, and cries of " Shame, shame !" " Close ai.e.3stoii.") The sending of an expedition would complicate the question stilt inure. _ (er;.. of "Close the discussion.") Ile li Ad not stigmatic-d the abandonment as a disgraceful retreat. (Oh, oh!) The Committee, in its report, had not in any manner proposed the sending of an expedition to La Plata. The question was ao intricate that it was impossible its discussion could be fruitful, and he accordingly moved that it be referred to the Committee for further examination.—(Murmurs.) M. Larochejacquelin said, that he could not understand what was going on. The Minister had spoken of measures to be adopted for the protection of the French residents. Was a new negotiator to be sent for the protection of the French residents ? Was a new negotiator to be sent with a sufficient force for the protection of French residents ? (M. Rouher denied having used those words.) M. Rochejacquelin replied that the question should be put in terms intelligible to all. Some said, "We must conclude peace because we cannot go to war ;" and others, "We must go to war because we cannot conclude peace." M. Rouher here rose and said, that what he pro. ' posed was simply this—to continue the negotiations and adopt measures for the protection of the French in La Plata. M. Emmanuel Arago wished to know what were the means the Ministry would resort to for the protection of the French settlers in Montevideo. The speech of M. Rouher, he said, added nothing to what was already known.- The position was exactly the same as on Saturday. M. de Mornay said that the report had explained nothing, and came to no conclusion. What did the Committee mean by action? Was it peace or war ? The Government could not assume the responsibility of the choice, for the Constitution formally invested the Assembly with the right of deciding on questions of war. M. Daru replied that the Committee had been of opinion to send to La Plata an armed negotiator. Admiral Mackau had been formerly accredited, and supported by a fleet. The means employed at Tangier and Mogadore might be again resorted to. They were an intermediate between peace and war. M. Hubart de Lisle asked the Cabinet if it was favourable to the appointment of an armed negotiator ? M. de Mornay again insisted on knowing the opinion of the Committee. M. Daru explained that the Committee were in favour of a negotiation backed up by military force. M. Jules Favre proposed an amendment, calling upon the Government to;withdraw from negotiations, and to protect French citizens and French property in La Plata, by an armed intervention. M. Mornay declared that as the amendment had not been proposed to the Committee, it could not be put; an objection, the Validity of which was ad• mitted by M. Dupin, who said he had already had put into his hands seven amendments. Several of these amendments were negatived without a division, when the President put the question of taking into consideration the following amendment, proposed, by M. de Rance :—" A credit of ten millions is opened to the Ministers of War and of Marine, to support, by arms if necessary, the negotiations pending between the French and the Argentine Re• publics!' The division was announced to be as follows : Present .. 627 Absolute majority ••• —314 For the amendment ... 315 Against it ... ••• 312 The President drew the attention of the Assembly to the fact that the absolute majority was only exceeded by one, and that therefore if on examining the list the same names should be found twice, or there should be found the name of a person known to be absent, the result would be different. The further consideration of the subject was adjourned to Wednesday. The Journal des Debats has the following on the La Plata question : " The Committee has not ventured to come to a serious determination, or to give a frank counsel to its country. We cannot, for our part, admit as wise or prudent those negative conclusions, presented, it is said, through respect for the independence of the executive power. As the new public right estAbli ,, hes that the sovereignty resides in the National Assembly, the Committee was fully entitled to call the Minist, r fur Foreign Affairs before it, an d concert w i t h hi m as to the mensurts which it wou ld b e a d v i sa bl e t o a d o pt. B u t, i n place of that, i t stops up every isAte except ne , through whi c h i t allows a t i m id propos i t i on to fil ter —to send two b attal i ons to M onte Vid eo . Th at wou ld scarcely be w ort h spea ki ng o f w e re it n o t th a t fit cloaks pr o j ects of great importance; we're it not 'that .:the experi ence o f R ome h as s ho w n u s w h a t ma y it pected from these seemingly easy undertakings. In that case 6,000 or 7,000 men, and a campaign of a fortnight, were to be sufficient to sweep away the European demagogic assemblage who were then masters of the capital of the Christian world. That occurred hero at our very doors, where we received every day the. letters and journals of Italy with full information. But what was the upshot? That an army of 30,000 men, and a campaign of two months with a regular siege, were necessary to end the enterprise. We have just had a similar scone rt Zeetcha, where a cernretn of duo was found eery. with a loss of 1,0;"0 - e=n. dlein7 thc disceeein of the last two the two het!alion4 were first changed into 4,000 men, and then into 10,000, according to the calculation of General Lahitto, who ought to be the best judge of such matters. If the discussion goes on a little, we shell arrive at 20,000 men; and bear in mind that the intention is only to attack Oribe. What would be the case if Roses is to be made war on —if the country is to be occupied for two years, as M. Daru recommends? And the Left ! and the Mountain !—what can be said of the applause from their benches at the generous dreams of the reporter of the Committee ? Where is their love of country ?—their respect for the money of the poor ? Where are those of the democracy who had the inviolability of all nations inscribed in the Constitution ? What do they hope from the sacrifice of him whom the Argentine democracy and nationality support, notwithstanding his crimes, because he has knowe how to defend the independence of his country ? What passion guides in this question an important fraction of the majority, if it be true that M. Laroch(jacquelin, who spoke on Saturd ty, and M. Berryer, who, it is said, is to speak to-day, are his officili organs ? What object do they propose ? rhere is also another man of immense talent who, it is affirmed, is to take part in the discussion in favour of war, namely, M. Titiers. We are well aware that if he will join his talent to that of M. Berryer he will probaVy carry with him the voices of the As,embly ; he ail have the sad gratification of precipitating his country into a deplorable folly. Bat what all his elo (pence connot make us comprehend is, how a man who has shown so much prudence, energy, and resistance in f t a h t e a l e l ff y in r s a o f m ß a t o t e: r e , w c h a i n e h a l t l nacos to cost us s o muc h more ." u w c h h e i s al u 3 s u m f t u o c h b e l e I s e s d , a a n w d a y n s e ( -1 The fact is: that M.M. TRIERS and BERRYBR are endeavouring to plunge the country into war, in order to revenge themselves on the PRESIDENT for refusing to betray, at their bidding, the trust reposed in him by the Constitution. There was a grand reception at the Elysee yesterday, as is usual on New Year's day. A magnificent sword of honour—a masterpiece of workmanship—has been presented to General CHANGARNIER, bearing the following inscription :—" The defenders of order to General Changarnier." The Abbe DE LAMENNAIS has retired from the Editorship of the Refornze. It is said that M. ARMAND MARRAST is about to assume the direction of that journal. The PRESIDENT of the Republic has celebrated the new year by creating, for the first time since the Revolution of February, a Field-Marshal of France. The General upon whom this distinguished honour has been conferred is the PRESIDENT'S uncle, General J EROME BONAPARTE, the Governor of the Invalides, and ex-King of Westphalia. The elevation of JEROME BONAPARTE to the dignity of Marshal is considered a fact of some importance, as showing that there is a reconciliation between the PRESIDENT of the Republic and the members of his family, In the Passage de l'Opera to day, nothing whatever wts done in the French Funds. Last evening they closed at 92f. 25c. BUSINESS DONE IN FOREIGN RAILWAYS AT THE LONDON STOCK-EXCHANGE, JAN. 1. Boulogne and Amiens, —Central of France (Orleans and Vierzon), 13 3 / —East Indian, 4. SPAIN. Madrid journals of the 25th ult. have arrived. The Pais and Herald() state that the fact of the Queen of SPAIN being in an interesting position is now confirmed, and the former journal, repeating what was said a few days ago, intimates that an official announcement of her MAJESTY'S situation will shortly be made. It had been settled that the report of the Committee of the Chamber of Deputies on the Budget was to be read on Friday ; it would, it was expected, give rise to long debates. The Senate, on the 24th, discussed a Bill relative to the jurisdiction of the department of Finance in smuggling affairs, but the debate was adjourned. The Espana announces that the ex-Carlist Generals, VILLAREAL, ZARATIEGUI, and SOPELANA, have been formally entered on the army list—the first as Lieutenant-General, the two latter as Major-Generals. The Herald() states that the POPE was to return to Rome on the 2d of January. Two Frenchmen have just been arrested at Sala manta for forging notes of the Bulk of San Fernando of Madrid. They indicated a place in which were secreted forged notes of the value of upwards of 2,000,000 reals. Accounts fram Manilla, up to 28th October, in the Madrid journals, state that the most profound tranquillity prevailed in the Philippine Islands. A heavy fall of rain had done great good to the crops. The cholera had disappeared. GERMANY AND THE NORTHERN STATES. CENTRAL GERMANY. The new Provisional Foieral Commission of Frankfort has already dropped the name of " German Empire" in public documents, and taken that of Germanic Confederation. It has resolved not to have Ministers for the different departments, but two councillors to direct each department. PRUSSIA. The Prussian Staats Anzeiger, of the 28th ult., publishes the Kitio's permission to eighty-nine veterans to wear the British war medals. MECKLENBURGH. It was stated some time ago that the nobles of Mecklenburgh-Schwerin, irritated at being deprived of their privileges by the new Constitution, which is of a very democratic character (abolishing all titles and privileges of nobility), had publicly protested against it, and their representatives had persisted in meeting under the old Constitution as the Assembly of Nobles for the Duchies of Meeklenburgh Schwerin and Mecklenburgh-Strelitz. In this the nobles were supported by the Duke of MECK• LENNURG-STRELITZ; but a few days ago the Grand Duke Of MECKLENBURG-SCHWERIN =Fed their Assembly at Rostock to be dispersed by the armed force. This act puts an end to the ancient union of the two duchies of Schwerin arid Strelitz. The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Prussia, in the name of the Prussian Government, bac pro teited against the new Constitution; the K ING an d Prince o PRUSSIA had previously done so in their own names. WIRTEMBERG. The King of WIRTEMBURG has addressed a long proclamation to his people, dated the 27th. He says that, in order to satisfy the just wishes of the people, and fulfil the promise he had made, he had convoked an Assembly of Deputies of the country, to deliberate on the changes rendered necessary in the Constitution by the abolition of the privileges of the nobility. He expected that this Assembly would have frankly co-operated with his Government in establishing the Constitution, so as to enable the Government to turn all its attention to promoting the material interests of the country. But to his great regret he states, " that the manner in which the majority of the Assembly had acted had convinced him that the object proposed could not be arrived at, but that, on the contrary, passions had been excited which had caused the welfare of the country to be neglected." After stating that the line of conduct adopted by the Assembly was incompatible with the constitutional form of government, the pro clamation proceeds : " The resolutions adopted by the majority of the Assembly assert that the Government has taken a hostile position towards the States of the Germanic Confederation, and towards any new form which the constitution of Germany may assume. Every impartial man, how. ever, will understand that such a contemptuous disregard of the rights of the conferated German States as is required of us, would cause the most lamentable consequences to all the country, and that the other Germin Governments would not support any attack on the rights and duties which bind the German States to each other." The KING adds— " We are convinced that the great majority of the people do not desire the policy which it is attempted to make us adopt, and which would certainly cause the ruin of the country, and deprive the Government of any influence in the regulation of the affairs of Germany, We will continue, in listening conscientiously to the voice of the country, to endeavour to obtain the national union of Germany, and for that purpose we will not shrink from any personal sacrifice. But we will not listen to the schemes which, disregarding existing poli. tical relations, are impossible of attainment, and can only lead to the ruin of the country." The KING complains of the assertion of the Assembly that the laws had been violated, and then states that the dissolution of the Assembly and the election another is indispensable. He calls on the electors to remember the responsibility which weighs on them, and to choose as their representatives men devoted to the cause of the laws, right, order, and moderation ; and not allow themselves to be misled and intimidated by a small minority swayed by Republican sentiments. To an Assembly composed of such men, his MAJESTY promises a kind reception, and says that it can succeed in establishing the fundamental laws, in such a way as to protect the rights of the Lountry and the citizens, and promote the welfare of the productive classes. The New Munich Gazette, the semi-official journal of Bavaria, states that it is not true, as has been reported, that the four minor kingdoms of Germany, Saxony, Bavaria, Wirtemberg, and Hanover, have formed a separatist alliance against Prussia. WIRTEMBERG. The King of WIRTEMBURG has addressed a long proclamation to his people, dated the 27th. He says that, in order to satisfy the just wishes of the people, and fulfil the promise he had made, he had convoked an Assembly of Deputies of the country, to deliberate on the changes rendered necessary in the Constitution by the abolition of the privileges of the nobility. He expected that this Assembly would have frankly co-operated with his Government in establishing the Constitution, so as to enable the Government to turn all its attention to promoting the material interests of the country. But to his great regret he states, " that the manner in which the majority of the Assembly had acted had convinced him that the object proposed could not be arrived at, but that, on the contrary, passions had been excited which had caused the welfare of the country to be neglected." After stating that the line of conduct adopted by the Assembly was incompatible with the constitutional form of government, the pro clamation proceeds : " The resolutions adopted by the majority of the Assembly assert that the Government has taken a hostile position towards the States of the Germanic Confederation, and towards any new form which the constitution of Germany may assume. Every impartial man, how. ever, will understand that such a contemptuous disregard of the rights of the conferated German States as is required of us, would cause the most lamentable consequences to all the country, and that the other Germin Governments would not support any attack on the rights and duties which bind the German States to each other." The KING adds— " We are convinced that the great majority of the people do not desire the policy which it is attempted to make us adopt, and which would certainly cause the ruin of the country, and deprive the Government of any influence in the regulation of the affairs of Germany, We will continue, in listening conscientiously to the voice of the country, to endeavour to obtain the national union of Germany, and for that purpose we will not shrink from any personal sacrifice. But we will not listen to the schemes which, disregarding existing poli. tical relations, are impossible of attainment, and can only lead to the ruin of the country." The KING complains of the assertion of the Assembly that the laws had been violated, and then states that the dissolution of the Assembly and the election another is indispensable. He calls on the electors to remember the responsibility which weighs on them, and to choose as their representatives men devoted to the cause of the laws, right, order, and moderation ; and not allow themselves to be misled and intimidated by a small minority swayed by Republican sentiments. To an Assembly composed of such men, his MAJESTY promises a kind reception, and says that it can succeed in establishing the fundamental laws, in such a way as to protect the rights of the Lountry and the citizens, and promote the welfare of the productive classes. The New Munich Gazette, the semi-official journal of Bavaria, states that it is not true, as has been reported, that the four minor kingdoms of Germany, Saxony, Bavaria, Wirtemberg, and Hanover, have formed a separatist alliance against Prussia. AUSTRIA AND HUNGARY. A reception was held by the Emperor of AUSTRIA on 23d ult. It was remarked that not a single Hungarian Notability attended the reception. M. chief of the Tschech (or national) party in Bohemia, has puhlishod a t:rotest against the dangers of centralisation in Austria, and recommend• log the creation of a Federal State, in which all the nationalities shell be reprtnentecl on a footing of perfr,.'ct equality. On 301'n ult., the Bank of had notes in circulation to the amount of 262,920,298 Aorins, cash in hand 29,062,744 florins, bills 28,426,673 11-,rins ; and there were due to it from the Government 219,302,231 florins. Communication by electric telegraph is now establiihed between Munich and Vienna. Negotiations have been entered into between Austria, IVirtemburg., and the Grand Duchy of Baden, for the esta bli.shment of an electrical telegraph to the frontier of France. HAMBURGH. Let`ers from llamburgh of the 22d ult. announce the failure of the banking-house of Messrs. MEINIJoLD and Co., of that city. The liabilities amount to 200,000 marks banco. It was feared that other failures would occur. M. DE SALIGNAC DE FENELON, the new Minister of the French Republic to the llanse Towns, arrived in listnburgh on the 27th. lle is the fifth diplomatic agent accredited by France to the llanse Towns since the establishment of the Republic. DENMARK AND THE DUCHIES The elections for the First Chamber of Denmark, which are in two degrees, have just taken place, and have resulted in the return of a great number of functionaries, from which it is assumed that the majority of the Chamber will be strictly conservative. The elections for the Second Chamber terminated in the triumph of the ultra• Scandinavian party, which resists all idea of the separation of Denmark from Schleswig. Extensive promotions have recently taken place in the army of Denmark; and at this moment the urmy consists of thirty-five battalions of 1,000 men each, of eight regiment of cavalry, of a numerous artillery, and of corps of engineers &c. In Denmark, all the extraordinary war taxes continued to be levied. Before proroguing for the Christmas vacation, the Chamber of Representatives of Schle.,wig- Holstein, at Kiel, voted, in a secret sitting, that the preparations for war with Denmark should be actively car• tied on. It is not, however, believed at Ilamburgh and Berlin that war will be rene wed. GREECE. A letter from Athens, of the 12th ult., states that the British Ambassador has presented a note from the Lord High Commissioner of the lonian Islands, demanding the annexation of two Grecian islands, Sapienza and Elophonich, to the lonia❑ Islands ; but the Greek Cabinet has protested against the demand. ITALY. Advices from Turin of the 25th ult., state that the Chamber has reluctantly annulled the election of MAMIA.NI for Genoa. The President of the Committee to which the consideration of the vAlidity of the election was referred, having applied to the Go vernment to know whether or not letters of naturalization had been granted to MAMIANI received the following reply from the Secretary to the Minister of the Interior : " Knowing that the Committee, of which your Lordship is president, desires to know in a positive manner if Count Terence Matniani! del Rovere, is or is not a naturalized Sardinian subject, I hasten to inform you that no decree has conferred that quality upon him." In consequence of this communication, which lefr no doubt that MIMIANI was not a Sardinian subject, the Committee reported, but did so with regret, that the election ought to be annulled. The report concludes with these words : " The country has done its duty in giving a solemn testimony of homage and esteem to this illustrious Italian. It becomes now the duty of the Government to justify its conduct to that gentleman to the nation." These words created a great sensation, and were loudly cheered by the Opposition. The Chamber then annulled the election of MAMIANE. The Venice Gazette contains a notification of the 22d, informing the inhabitants that Field-Marshal RADETZKY, being apprised of the excellent behaviour of the people of Venice, has directed that they shall be henceforward permitted to go out at any time of the night. COURT CIRCULAR. WINDSOR, MONDAY. Her Majesty's New Year's gifts, of meat, bread, coals, potatoes, blankets, and clothing, were distributed this morning to the aged, infirm, and distressed poor of Windsor and its vicinity, in the presence of the Queen and Prince Albert and the Royal Family, his Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge, the Ladies and Gentlemen in waiting, and the Hon. and Rev. G. Wellesley (Domestic Chaplain to her Maipsty) Thn i.‘ kh o riding. Their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge (attended by a Gentleman and Lady in waiting), her Royal Highness the Princess Mary of Cambridge, and his Serene Highness Prince Frederick of Hesse are expected to arrive at the Castle this evening from Kew, a visit to her Majesty and the Prince. The Royal dinner party in the Castle this evening, includes her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, his Serene Highness Prince Frederick of Hesse, the Ladies and Gentlemen in attendance on their Royal Highnesses, the Dowager Lady Lyttelton, Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, the Rev. Lord Wriothesley Russell, Colonel the Hon. C. Grey, and Mr. Glover. The following had the honour of being invited after dinner :—General and Lady Isabella Wenlyss, Hon. Mrs. C. B. Phipps, Hon. Mrs. Charles Grey, Sir George, Lady, and Miss Couper, Hon. Miss Lyttelton, and Miss Pole Carew. The Queen will hold a Privy Council on Tuesday, the Bth of January, at Windsor Castle. Summonses were issued yesterday to the Ministers and Officers of State. The Earl and Countess Granville left town on Monday, for Paris. Dispatches were sent off yesterday evening from the Colonial-office for the Governor of Bermuda, and also for the Governors of the West India colonies. RACES T 0 COME. FEBRI Lincoln Spring 'A RY. MA Doncaster Spring Liverpool. ICH. AP Catteriek Bridge Northampton & Pytchley Hunt 3 Croxton Park 9 M. Chester Spring Newm. Second Spring l4 Shrewsbury l5 Warwick l9 ,IL. lEpsom Spring Newmarket Craven I Bath 23 Newmkt. First Spring 29 AY. Newton Ascot Hampton Manchester 22 Epsom Summer 2B Edinburgh ;U. Newmarket Liverpool.. lO Nottingham l6 Stamford l7 ' Newcastle Bibury 26 Stock bridge 27 SLY. AUI Ripon Brighton 7 Wolverhampton Eglinton Park ... 13 or 14 SEPTE Warwick .. Lichfield 10 I T , Newmkt. Fi rs t October.oo 1 Chester Autumn......... 8 Salisbury • 18 Winchester 23 Good wood Reading York 2l Stirling SURREY SESSIOS.—(THIS DAY.) (Before Mr. PucKLE awl a Bench of Magistrates.) Peter Brooker, aged 29, attired as an agricultural d;.'scril)ed tha c!..lend2,r 3 r9:i fir hav:n2:, two LinL., the property of John I..aluchere, Esq., with intent feloniously to steal the carcasses of the said lambs. The CIIAHtMAN asked the prisoner if he had anything to sey to the G,urt before it passed sentence upon him. The charge was a very serious one. The offence of stealing sheep was on the increase, and it was th© duty of the Court to put it down by the strong arm of the law. The prisoner, a stupid looking countryman, had nothing to say. Ile appeared to treat the charge and his fate with stolid indifference. The officer was called. He said, in reply to questions from the Chairman, that the prisoner was not known as a felon. He had been charged with poaching, and his house was the rendezvous of poachers. The CHAIRMAN asked if the man was in work at the time he committed the offence to which he had pleaded guilty. The prisoner said he was not. CIIAIRNIAN then sentenced the prisoner to be transported for ten years, a sentence which caused much surprise to the crowded court. The rest of the morning was occupied in sentencing prisoners who had pleaded guilty to several minor charges They were sentenced to different short terms of imprisonment in the House of Correction of the county. [The high courts of law do not consider it below their dignity to set apart a small portion of the available space for the accommodation of the press. There are few courts,' whether high or low—the High Court of Chancery dow❑ to the Police office—that do not afford the utmost facility to the representatives of the public, in order that they may be enabled to discharge their duties without hindrance or inconvenience. Not so the august Surrey Sessions. The reporters are tumbled about anywhere ; and if, in their zeal, they manage with difficulty to raise themselves to a position whence they can get a glimpse of what is going on, the menials of the court are directed to remind the ambitious individual that no one. must in that court elevate himself to a level with the covered heads of the magistrates. The body of the court being crammed with solicitors, and the seats reserved for the bar being fully occupied, the reporters are entirely excluded, except they chance to take up their position among the motley crowd that fill sessions courts to overflowing. We hope the Surrey magistrates will remedy the evil of which we complain ] BOW-STREET.—(THIS DAY.) , An elderly woman was charged with having created a disturbance in St. Giles's Workhouse. One of the workhouse constables stated that last night he heard a disturbance in the female sleeping ward, and on going to see what was the matter he found the prisoner quarrelling with the other inmates of the ward. She was in bed at the time, and he told her to get up and dress herself, but she refused to so, and he had to remove h er a l mos t i n a state nudity to the receiving-room, where he left her. 1 0 sooner, however, had he turned his back than she upon the old nurse who had charge of her, and after getting possession of the keys she turned the nurse out, locked herself in, and then broke all the windoill in the room, amounting to 14, and valued at 21. Mr. JARDINE asked if she WAS drunk ? The officer said she had been drinking, but she was not drunk The prisoner, in her defence said, what occasioned the disturbance in the first instance was the conduct of some of the inmates who came to quite drunk, and began ill-treating all who were sober and peaceably disposed. She went once and complained to the governor, but all the redress she could get was a stern order to go back to her beat and this so exasperated her that in a fit of passion sbe did the damage complained of. Mr. JARDINE said such acts as these could not be, overlooked, and told the prisoner th a t, h ow e ve r muce annoyed she might have been by the conduct of the other inmates, or the refusal of the governor le interfere, it was no justification for her breaking the windows. She must, therefore, make good the damsg ° by paying 404., or be imprisoned for a month. The fine was not forth com i ng , an d s h e wa s course locked up. NIARLBRO -STREET—(THIS DAV DESPERATE ASSAULT ON THE POLICE BY PICKPOCEATS.—John Kelly, J o h n B ur k e , an d Rob t 1 Haines, th ree no t or i ous p i c k pockets, were brougli bef,re Mr. Hard w i c k, c h arge d w i th attempting pick the pock e t s o f severa l l ad i es in Regent stree t' and also with violently assaulting the police when the execution of their duty. Police-sergeant Hardwick, 7 D, stated that on previous afternoon he was proceeding along Rege° .treet, in com p an y w i t h two of the City offiCei Brett, in, Spiller, 9, when hi s attention called to the pri soners an d two others, not in custe°P who were surro un di ng t h ree l ad i es near a silk-nle),, cer's shop, close by Beak-street. Witness, knowil them to be part of a gang o f th e most expert th i e i in London, kept a sharp eye upon their mol ments, when he saw the pri soner K e ll y up a lady's dress and feel her pocket, the other prisoners screened him. The ladies wa lk g on as far as Gl ass h ouse - street, still followed by prisoners, who kept close behind them, and, wily near the end o f t h e stree t, w i tness aga i n saw go up to one o f t h e l a di es an d put hi s hand her pocket. Witness immediately ran forty" , and collared Kelly, when the two other soners came up an d s t ruc k hi m a tremen d° „ blow in the face, cutting his lip pletely i n t wo . Witness, in spite of their contrived to k eep a firm hold of the prisoner Kel l ) until the tw o City officers came to his as s i s t anc e handcuffed him. The others ran away, but afte r e sharp run and a most determined and desperate sistance on the part of Burke and Haines, they captured, and all three taken to the station. Spiller and Brett h av i ng corro b orated the wholes) the above evidence, the prisoners were committed House of Correction for three months with V labour. UST. :MBER. Doncaster Manchester Autumn ottElt. Newrnkt. Second Oat.— 14 Newmarket Houghton.. 28 CHESTER CUP. The following are the nominations received at York up to ten o'clock on Tuesday night :—Nunnykirk, Gulliver, Thringarth, Mulgrave, Melody, Quiz (late Raisthorpe), Laura, and Steppingstone. We are happy to observe that the prosperity of Eliza Cook's Journal not only continues but increases. The editor —for we observe that the lady disclaims the feminine termination wheat speaking of herself in her official capacity—has issued an address to her readers on the commencement of the new year, full of satisfaction and acknowledgments for the past and bright hopes for the future. Although we may not coincide with all the sentiments she has recorded in such glowing and eloquent language, we yet believe this lady to be one of the most sincere and energetic workers in the great cause of social ameliorations and improvements ; and if some of her opinions appear rather extreme, or a little heterodox in politics, we still believe her to be in the main a friend to peace, law, and order—good ma nners an d good morals. Whi le we see reason to maintain this faith her clever and well-conducted little publication shall receive our general support without quibbling about details.-- Chronicle. REPEAL or TUE NAVIGATION L.AWS.--It havi ng been made a subject of inquiry whether goods which may have been necessarily warehoused for cxportation only, under the Navigation Act of Bth and 9th Via, cap. 88, will, if th e y h ave not b een reshiPPed, and ar e still lying in bond, be admissible to entry fur home consumption on and after the Ist day of January instant, under tho provisions of the Act 12th and 13th Victoria, chap. 29, the C omm i ss i oners of Cust Ann h4ve caused the several officers of the department to be apprised that no goods warehoused under the law above referred to for exportation only are to admitted to entry for home use. We understand that the Rev, F. Haggitt, M.A., has been appointed to the rectory of Wallasey, vacant by the death of the late lamented Dr. Byrth.—Liverpool Mercury. MARKET NEWS-(THIS DAY•) 4 CORN EXCHANGE—WEDNESamo The few parcels of English Wheat on offer in to- market were di s p ose d of at prices quite equal to obtained on Monday. The limited nature of the prevented sales to any extent. The leading millers,sl it is pretty genera ll y understood, short of stock. imports of Forei gn Wh eat s i nce Saturday have confined to 2,030 quarters. The first parcels moveuo steadily, at full prices ; in the middling and infer os y kinds next to not hi ng was doing. We had a fairo for Malting Barley, at full rates of currency, but griv°ol and distilling sorts were very dull. In Malt so business was t ransacted that the quotations were nominal. Th e b est O ats were quits as dear as last 'd In the middling and inferior kinds rather more busingil was transacted. B eans, Peas, and all other articles very dull. ARRIVALS THIS WEEK B4rlQy. Wheat, Oats. English Scotch.... Irish Foreign Malt. Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. 310 6 70 2 , 150 1,400 2,030 2,200 4,870 310 P DTA.3IBET. Our market is in a very inactive state for all king' Hops, at prices barely equal to those obtained last W The general demand was steady at our quotatio4 Beef, from 2s 6d to 3s 6d ; M utton, 2s 10 d to 3s Veal, 3s 2d to 3s 10d; and Pork, 2s 8d to 4s per LLOYD'S SHIPPING —(THIS DA" 4b , LONDON, JAN. 2.—Wind at noon W.N.W., light brr and dull hazy weather. RAMSGATE, JAN. I.—Wind N.N.W.—Arrct. Deyr, Ilavannah nor Hamburgh, with loss of 10 1 leaky, and must discharge. DOVER, JAN. I.—Wind N.N.W.—Arrd. 00 Schwartye, New York. LIVERPOOL, JAN. I.—Wind var i able and variable and lig Sir H. Pottinger, M‘Whean, Calcutta. Sld. Chief Coquimbo; Columbus, New York; Queen Blab, Serenader, Mauritius ; P a t agon i a, San Francisco ; mare, Ceara Delhi, Bahia; Ellen, Jamaica; Hebe, Martha; Erin's Queen, New Orleans; United King' Savannah. The wr ec k di scovered yesterday at the JAN. I.—Wind N.W. moderate.—Arrd. of the Barbo Flat s was part of the Soutar Johnny. DEAL, the River, Frederick PoRTsMOUTH, JAN , I . —Wind N. to N.N. Hendrik Hudson, New York. Arrd. Walmer Cl' either Belfast or Glasgovr;" Madras and Bombay; Malacca, Bombay. , KINSALE, DEC. 31.E-'rb© A PORTAFERRY, DEC. 31. The Cadet, from Australia, struck on the Njrth Rock, and prom edflhaf supposed with little dam"/ gapanaeni Adelphi, Syra, grounded 29th, and filled with the tide ; C damaged. REECAR, JAN. I.—Part of the sid e o f a sma ll te l and the mast of a sloop have been washed on shore '' here. BRIDLINGTON, JAN. I.—Th e S cotsman, o f Mono, has put in leaky ; an d t h e M ary T ay l or, of mouth, from Allo a t o P ernam b uco, w i t h damage. _or SHEERNESS, JA N . I.—Th e Tb orn l e y b r i g , o f land, i s r e p or t e d t o b e on i h ore on t h e M ap li n S ou, HULL, JAN. I.—Th e Phoebe barque, of and from i Shield s t o L on d on , h as f oun d ere d i n Bridlington crew saved. LErrn.—Sld. Alexander, Trinidad. CROMER, JAN. I.—The top sides and pa r t of with spars and rigging, was towed on hore to wheel is mark e d" M ar y Di c k, Dysart," s and on a be' , cut 161 tons. 1 , L OWESTOFT, JAN. I.—Th e C nden e Caledonia , of .- betn a ss i ste d off shore, but, being in a sinkin Du g state' been run on shore again. It is stated that 100,000/. in gold is expected t ° rive from Rusei a in about a fortnight.