N 17 870.] LONDON WEDNESDAY .1 , 9 JANUARY 2 , 1850. NATIONAL LOAN FUND LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY. 26, Cornbill, London. Capital £500,000. Empowered by Act of Parliament. This Institution embraces important and substantial advantages with respect to Life Assurances and Deferred Annuties. Policies issued by this Society have a twofold advantage :—provision for the family of the Assured, and an augmenting pecuniary available resource to himself, if needful, whilet lying. The Assured has, on all occasions, the power to borrow, without expense, or forfeiture of the Policy, two-thirds of the Premiums paid. DIVISION OF PROFITS. itinued prosperity of the Society has enableil the Directors nual Meeting, held on the 10th of May, MS, to declare a us, varying from 27 to 65 per cent. on the Premiums paid 'olicy effected on the profit scale. EXAMPLES. The con at the Ani on Perma- Sum the Annual Polley Bonus In nent Re. Assured tge. Pre- taken addition Bonus in ductionofmay borw out In to Sum Cash. Animal rovr on Assured. Premium. Policy. £ s. 1. £ s d. £ s. d. £ s. d. 1837 276 14 3 128 14 3 21 7 2 593 6 8 1838 251 18 10 115 14 8 18 12 8 543 17 9 1839 226 6 0 102 15 1 16 2 9 194 8 10 1840 178 0 0 1 82 14 2 12 14 11 145 0 0 60 160071 3 4 1841 174 0 0; 78 3 4 12 3 0 395 11 1 1842 147 4 2 65 15 10 10 2 4 346 2 3 1843 99 18 4. 44 8 4 615 11 296 13 4 1844 62 6 8! 27 13 4 4 4 0 247 4 5 Secured on al 65, by an Ai 27. 12s. lAnnuity ENEFITS .taininz the age of inual Premium of Cash. I Policy. s. d. 17 16 I 26 15 11 13 19 C E. d 391 11 0' 1221 0 0, 1 115 S £ s. d. 4G6 0 0 261 0 0 136 6 0 IL PREMIUMS To secure on attain- Annuity£lo 10 0 lng the age Cash .. 82 10 0 of 65, the Policy .. 97 8 6 option of Payable Payable Payable Annu- is one for Dls- ally. sum. parity. £ s. d. £ s. d. ' £ s. d. 0 10 11 10 0 10 0 0 0 0 19 616 7 1 7 3 11 1 17 327 3 11 19 4 10 Immediate Annuities are also granted by the Society on liberal terms, as will be seen by the following extracts from the Tables, showing the annual amount of annuity upon every 1001. deposited : Age 50, £7 Ss. Age GO, £9 14e. 3d. I Age 70, £l4 2s. 2d. The Annual Report, with Tables of Rates, &c.. may be had at the Office, or any of its Branches in the Country; or, on application, will be forwarded post free. W. S. B. WOOLHOUSE, Actuary. EQ UITY AND LAW LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY. No. 2G, Lincoln's Inn-fields, London, And Law Society's Rooms, Manchester. TRUSTEES. The Right Hon. Lord Monteagie The Right Hon. the Lord Chief Baron The lion. Mr. Justice Coleridge The Hon. Mr. Justice Erle Nassau W. Senior, Esq., Master in Chancery Charles Parton Cooper, Esq., Q.C., LL.D., F.R.S. George Capron, Esq. Parties assuring within six months of their last birth-day are allowed a diminution of half a year in the premium charged. Policies do net become void by the life assured going beyond the prescribed limits—so far as regards the interest of third parties—pro• vided they pay the additional premium, so soon as the fact comes to their knowledge. " Free Polities" are issued, at a small increased rate of premium, which remain in force although the life assured may go to any part of the world. Policies may be effected on an increasing scale at cm,iderably reduced rates for the first five or seven years. Parties may affect assurances by the payment of a single premium with the privilege of withd rawing the sum paid. The tables are especially favourable to young and middle-aged lives, and the limits allowed to the assured, without extra charge, are unusually extensive. Eighty per cent, of the profits are divided among the assured. FIRE, LIFE ASSURANCE OFFICE. Established by Oct of Parliament, 31, CORN HILL, LONDON. capital 100,0001., in Shares of 20s. each, to be paid in fall on allotment, bearing a guaranteed interest ofs per cent. In perpetnity (irrespective of further dividends) upon the paid-up capital. Application fer Shares to be addressed to the Directors at the Offices of tie Society. Marine, Fire, and Life Assurances granted on the most liberal terms. Immediate and Deferred Annuities granted on terms especially advantageous for investment of capital. By order, AUG. COLLINGIIIDGE, Maiaging Director. CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS. rHE ROYAL POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTION, REGENT-STREET. The First of a Series of Illusti•ated Lectures, by Dr. Bachhoffner, on the Philosophy of Scientific Recreation, daily at Two o'clock, and in the Evenings, at Eight. —An entirely new Set of Dissolving Views of London in the Sixteenth Century, and as it now is, with a Descriptive Lecture, daily, at Half-past Fear, and in the Evenings at a. Quarter to Ten.—The Views of Rome, including new Views of the Interior and Exterior of St. Peter's. with Dioramic effects, are shown daily, at One o'clock.—Leeturea on Chemistry, with brilliant experiments, by Mr. Ashley.—Experiments with the Diver and Diving-MlL—New Exhibition of Chromatropes.—The Machinery. Medels, &e., explained. Admission, Is .—Schools, Half-price. CATHOLIC, LA-W, and GENERAL LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY, 8, New Coventrystreet, Leicester-square. London. Jan. 1, 1850. Notice is hereby given that the interest upon the Shares in this Company, due up to the 31st ult., will ho in the course of payment at the Office, on, and after the 10th inst., and will be paid upon application for the same. By order of the Board. WILLIAM NORRIS, Secretary. CANDLES, 41d. and 54. per lb.; wax-wick moulds, 6d. ; composite, 7%d., 9d., and 9%d. ; Botanic wax candles, Is.; German wax, Is. 2d.; fine wax, Is. sd. ; transparent wax, Is. Sd. and Is. 10d. ; best wax, 2s. Id.; sperm candles, Is 8 I. and Is. 10d. ; metallic, 7d. and id. ; mottled soap 565. end 60s. per 112 lbs. ; yel ow, 445., 804., and 565. ; Windsor soap, ls. 4d. per packet ; brown Windsor, Is Li. ; rose, 2s. ; almond, Is. Gd.; sperm oil, 7s. Gd. per gallon ; solar, Is. 3d. ; errand, 4s, 6d. ; sealing wax, 4s. Gd. per lb., for cash, at DAVIES'S old established warehouse, 63, St. Martin's•lane, opposite Westminster County Court (late New Slaughter's Coffee-kouse). PUBLICATIONS. THE QUARTERLY REVIEW, No. CLXXI., will be published on Wednesday next. CONTENTS: I. Natural History of Man. 11. Clergy Relief Bill. Agriculture—Draining. IV. Memoirs of Lord Cloncurry and Mr. John O'Connell. Y. Free Trade. VI. Venice. VII. Lord Clarendon and the Orange Institution. John Murray, Albemarle-street. T HE ECLECTIC REVIEW for JANUARY contains— I. Protestant Nonconformity. 11. Life and Correspondence of Dr. Southey. 111. Biblical Criticism. IV. The Punishment of Death—Secret Executions. V. England and Hungary —the Lights of Free Institutions. VI. The Irish Establishment and Irish Methodism. VII. Miall on the British Churches. VIII. Tho Freehold Land Movement. Summary of the Events of the Month. London : Ward and Co., Paternoster-rosy. Price Is., R EMARKS on the WATER SUPPLY to LONDON. By Sir WILLIAM CLAY, Bart., M.P., Chairman of the Grand Junction and Southwark Water Companies. James Ridgway, Piccadilly, and all Booksellers. ISLINGTON CATTLE MARKET AND ABATTOIR COMPANY. Notice is hereby given, that the LA 4T DAY for RECEIVING APPLICATIONS for SHARES in this Company is fixed for the 7th day of January next, when the Committee will proceed to the Allotment. By order of the Board, JOHN T. TIDD, Secretary. Wellington-street North, Strand, TOUT and PORTER.—JENNER, WICKING, and JENNER are now delivering for cash, to Private Families, there celebrated PORTER at Is. and Imperial STOUT at Is. 4d. per gallon. May be had in casks of 4 1 ,4, 9, 18, and 36 gallons. N.B.—Their Ales are now in very fine condition. South London Brewery, Southwark Bridge-road. CONSTITUTION of CALIFORNIA. Governor Riley has issued his proclamation calling upon the people to vote for or against the adoption of the constitution which has been framed by their delegates assembled in convention. The places for holding the polls are to be designated by the prefects in their respective districts. The proclamation closes thus : " The people are now called upon to form a government for themselves, and to designate such officers as they desire to make and execute the laws. That their choice may be wisely made, and that the government so organized may secure the permanent welfare and happiness of the people of the new state, is the sincere and earnest wish of the present executive, who, if the constitution be ratified, will, with pleasure, surrender his powers to whomsoever the people may designate as his successor." The constitution does not differ essentially from that of the state of New York, upon which in its most essential particulars it has been evidently modelled. The following synopsis gives all its provisions of any importance:— ARTICLE 1 . -- • DECLARATION OF RIGHTS. 1. All men are by nature free and independent, and have certain inalienable rights. 2. All political power is inherent in the people : government is for their benefit, and they have a right to change it at will. 3. The right of trial by jury shall be secured to all for ever; but a jury trial may be waived by the parties in all civil cases. 4. The free exercise of_ re for ever allowed, and no re quired for civil privileges. 6. The writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended unless necessary in cases of rebellion or invasion. 6. Excessive bail shall not be required, nor cruel or unusual punishments be inflicted. 7. All persons shall be bailable except for capital offences. 8. No person shall be held to answer for a capital or infamous offence except on presentment by grand jury, nor be put twice in jeopardy for the same offence, nor be compelled to be witness against himself. fl. No law shall be passed to abridge the freedom of speech or the press. In the trials for libel, if the matter charged be true, and published with good motives and justifiable ends, the party shall be acquitted, and the jury shall determine both the law and the fact. 10. The people shall have the right to meet freely, instruct their representatives, and petition the Legislature. 11. All general laws shall have a uniform operation. 12. The military shall be subordinate to the civil power ; no standing army shall be kept in time of peace, nor in time of war shall appropriation for the army be made for more than two years. 13. No soldier shall be quartered in any house without the consent of the owner, or as prescribed by law. hgious test shall be re 14. Representation shall be apportioned according to population. 15. No person shall be imprisoned for debt, unless for fraud; and no person shall be _imprisoned for a militia fine in time of peace. 16. No bill of attainder, e. post facto law, or law impairing the obligations of contracts, shall ever be passed. 17. Foreigners, Lona fide residents of this state, shall enjoy the same rights in respect to property as native born citizens. 18. Neither slavery, nor involuntary servitude, unless for the punishment of crimes, shall ever be tolerated in this state. 19. The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable seizures and searches, shall not be violated. 20. Treason against the state shall consist only in levying war against it, adhering to its enemies, or giving them aid and comfort. No person shall be convicted of treason, unless on the evidence of two witnesses to the same overt act, or confession in open court. 21. This enumeration of rights shall not be construed to impair or deny others retained by the people. ARTICLE SIT OF SUFFRAGE. 1. Every white male citizen of the United States, and every white male citizen of Mexico, who shall have elected to become a citizen of the United States, under the treaty of peace exchanged and ratified at Queretaro, on the 30th day of May, 1848, of the age of twenty-one years, who shall have been a resident of the state six months next preceding the election, and the county or district in which he claims his vote thirty days, shall be entitled to vote at all elections which are now, or hereafter may be authorised by law; provided, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the Legislature, by a two-thirds concurrent vote, from admitting to the right of suffrage Indians, or the descendants of Indians, in such special cases as such a proportion of the legislative body may deem just and proper. 2. Electors are privileged from arrest—and are not obliged to perform militia duty on election days. ARTICLE 111. The powers of the Government are divided into Legislative, Executive, and Judicial—and they are to be kept separate. ARTICLU IV.--LEGISLATURE. The legislative power is to be vested in a Senate and Assembly. The session shall commence on the first Monday in January. Members of Assembly are to be chosen annually on the first Monday in November. Senators are to be chosen for two years. Their number is not to be less than one-third, nor more than one-half, that of the Assembly. A majority of each house constitutes a quorum. Neither shall adjourn for more than three days without consent of the other. The Governor may vets any bill, but it may be made a law nevertheless, by a two-thirds vote. No divorce shall be granted, or lottery established, by the Legislature. Every law enacted by the Legislature shall embrace object, and th at s h all b e expressed i n the r e fe , r h e e n c e e e n t s o u s i t s s h t a i l t l l title. i tbiutlte one and ol t o law sh a ll b e rev i sed or amen d e d b y be taken in 1852, 1855, and every ten years thereafter. The number of members of Assembly shall not be under 24, nor over 36, until the population is 100,000; and after that it shall not be under 30 nor over 80. u 31. Corporati ons may be formed under general laws, but bnuitc siphaalll p n u o r t p h o e ses. created All general laws by special Ac a t, nd except fur special Acts passed pursuant to this section, may be altered from time to time, or repealed. 32. Dues from corporations shall be secured by such individual liability of the corporators, and other means, as may be prescribed by law. 33. The term corporations, as used in this article, shall be construed to include all associations and joint-stock companies having any of the powers or privileges of corporations not possessed by individuals or partnerships. And all corporations shall have the right to sue, and shall be subject to be sued, in all courts, in like cases, as natural persons. 34. The Legislature shall have no power to pass any Act granting any charter for banking purposes ; but associations may be formed, under general laws, for the dep os it o f gold and silver; but no such association shall make, issue, or put in circulation, any bill, cheque, ticket, certificate, promissory note, or other paper, or the paper of any bank, to circulate as money. 35. The Legislature of this state shall prohibit, by law, any person or persons, association, company, or corporation, from exercising the privileges of banking, or create paper to circulate as money. 36. Each stockholder of a corporation, or jointstock association, shall be individually and personally liable for his proportion of all its debts and liabilities. 37. It shall be the duty of the Legislature to provide for the organization of cities and incorporated villages, and to restrict their power of taxation, assessment, borrowing money, contracting debts, and loaning their credit, so as to prevent abuses in assessments and in contracting debts by such municipal corporations. County judges, clerks, sheriffs, and all other officers are to be elected by the people. The justices of the Supreme Court and iistrict judges shall be ineligible to any other office, during the term of which they shall have been elected. Tribunals for conciliation may be established, but they have no power to render judgment obligatory, except with consent of parties. Article VII. provides organizing the militia. ARTICLE VIII.-STATE DEBTS. The Legislature shall not in any manner create any debt or debts, liability or liabilities, which shall singly or in the aggregate, with any previous debts or liabilities, exceed the sum of three hundred thousand dollars, except in case of war, to repel invasion or suppress insurrection, unless the same shall be autho- rised by some law for some single object or work, to be distinctly specified therein, which law shall provide ways and means, exclusive of loans, for the payment of the interest of such debt or liability, as it falls due, and also pay and discharge the principal of such debt or liability within twenty years from the time of the contracting thereof, and shall be irreparable until the principal and interest thereon shall be paid and discharged; but no such law shall take effect until, at a general election, it shall have been submitted to the people, and shall have received a majority of all the votes cast for and against it at such election • and all money raised by authority of such law shall be applied only to the specific object therein stated, or to the payment of the debt thereby created ; and such law shall be published in at,least one newsvo. throughout the state, for three Months nextire: ceding the election at which it is submitted to the people. ARTICLE IX.-EDUCATION. Pro►ision is to be made for electing a Superintendent of Public Instruction, to: hold office three years ; and a perpetual fund is created from all lands that may be granted by the o United,States, the 100,000 granted in 1841, all estates of persons dying without heirs or wills, &c., for the support of common schools. A school is to be kept in each district three months in each year. Funds shall be provided for the support of a university. late fee may be paid in either money or stamps. Newspapers must be put in before 5 P.M. at the receiving houses, at the branch offices before 5 30 p.m., and at the General Post-office before 6 P.M., or until 730 with a fee of id. each. The electric telegraph is laid down to nearly all the above towns. DEFERRED ANNUITIES. By the operation of the same principles, the Society is enabled to afford to the public a plan of Deferrei Annuities far more advantageous than any hitherto offered, whereby an individual, by the contribution of a very small annual, monthly, or weekly saving. may secure either a comfortable provision for himself In advanced age, or, at his option, a large sum of money, or a policy to his family at his death; while by giving to the purchaser, at any time, the power of borrowing two-thirds of all previous payments, it removes all risk of forfeiture from inability to continue premiums, besides affording an ample resource during sickness and want of employment ; and should the purchaser die before arriving at the stipulated period, twothirds of payments will be returned to his representatives. The following Table is a specimen of the great and varied advantages which the judicious application of a small saving can secure through this Society. THE ROYAL BRITISH BANK. Incorporated by Charter 17th September, 1 , .,19, for receiving , lePosits at interest, discounting bits, snaking advances on approved securities, granting cash credits, an I transacting every other deserip, tion of banking business on the Scottish System. 16, TOKENIIOUSE-YARD, LOTEIBURY. Commencing Capital 100,0001., with power of gradual increase to 2,000,0001. The Directors have the satisfaction to announce that they nre about to open branches of the Royal British Bank in the Strand (No. 429, corner of Agar-street), and No. 77, Bridge-road, Lambeth. TERMS OF BUSINESS:— The rates of interest, &c., to be charged on advances, and allowed on accounts and deposits, must of course vary with the state of the market, and the value of money, which so frequently flue, testes; but the Directors propose that the following shall, until farther notice, be their terms of business : Deposit Accounts-3 per cent. reckoned daily, on all deposits for six !months of 1/. and upwards, and the interest paid monthly, or accumulated half-yearly, at the option of the depositor, Tor every sum not then drawn, and which in such cases will for the next period ofsix months form together an increased capital sum bearing interest at 3 per cent.; and if not then drawn, be again accumulated as above fur the next half -yearly period, and so on progressively, compounding the interest half -Yearly. But in any partienlar case of need, the Directors will, If the circumstances justify an exception from their rules, pay up rcincipal and interest on demand. The !lank having by its Charter the peculiar privilege of gradually increasing its capital, will, in alloting new shares, give a preference sifter the existing shareholders, to depositors who may wish to become p reptietors, allowing three per cent. interest on the deposits so Net apart for shares. Draw Mg or Current Accounts—One per cant. Interest reckoned mom to day, to be allowed en all balances constant fir six 'Months , of 1001. and upwards • and two per cent. on all such bailments exceeding 2001. ; but the permanent maintenance of any Distance will not be insisted on. This point will be optional with the customs Cash. Credit Accounts will be granted to respectable parties on person: d security, or such guarantees as may be satisfactory to the rank. A commission of one per cent. will be charged on the anionic t of the credit, bet interest (five per cent.) will only be debited on the balance of actual cash from time to time drawn out by the PartY t fter deduction of the sums paid in. Oftlcl al receipts on the one hand will be given for every sum paid 10 , and the cheques on the other will be preserved by the Bank till the cm seeding half-yearly balance, when the accounts will be certi • Bed an 3 the vouchers exchanged, except in cases where parties may especia tly wish for a different arrangement. Advt noes or Loans en Promissory Notes with marketable securities rem lily convertible, will be made at the rates proportioned to Site nal ere and value of the security in each case. Disci mists of Bills of Exchange will be made at the rates of the day. All 1 fills for Discount to be lodged daily before 12 noon, and called for aftt r 2 P.M. Itances will be made to, and Bills collected in, any place in a;nglanld, Scotland, or Ireland, or on the Continent of Europe, where there is a banker; as also in America, the West Indies, India, and China. Dlvid ends, &c., will be received for customers or shareholders, Ivithotr t charge. barge will be made for keeping accounts ; nor any fee or lifratuit y allowed to be received from a customer or applicant by any one in the Bank's employment. Font of application for the opening of accounts, &c., are ready be s upplied at the Beak, or will be sent by post to any who may requir9 them. By order of the Court of Directors, HUGH IN ES CAMERON, General ➢fanager. 16,'3 okenhowse-yard, Lothbury, January 1,1850. CC MERCLIL TRAVELLERS' CLUB- M HOUSE IN THE CITY OF LONDON. At a numerous and highly respectable Meeting of Commercial Travell ors and influential Members of Travelling Firms, held at the lender t Tavern, December 31st, 1849, convened by advertisement, AUGUSTUS 11. MOORE, Esq., in the Chair; Tlests . .Meeting. resolved that the establishment of a Clubhouse in sonic central part of the city of London, for the use of Commercial Cent !Men solely, will materially advance the interests and promote the comfort of that body. TI tat the title of so desirable an Institution be "The Commercial Trai Club .house." TI tat Club-house, with dormitories, &c., which shall be exclugive] y appropriated to the promotion of the comfort and convenience of tt .e Commercial Travellers of the United Kingdom be established a central part of the City of London, thereby meeting the univer;sally admitted necessity for some common gathering point in the Xrietrapcdis ; that such shall be conducted in an unostentatious and nonsirstanby economical manner, but with due and close regard to as abtr.antlarrespectability and comfort; and which, wills its Reading. rooms anti appropriate Library, will promote habits of mutual and intelligent hitercourse that cannot fail to be of advantage to its Then there, hence to the trade of the country and society generally. TI wit a Committee of twelve (five to be quorum) be appointed to cart y the foregoing resolutions into effect and frame a code of laws 3ori the guidance and government of such Institution. 'I hat Messrs. J. K. Jackson, C. R. Carter, and W. Boaler, be assohv.ed with Mr. W. S. Rtunsey in the formation of the Provisional munitt ee. :That R.. M. Phillips, Esq., Rood-lane, be appointe I Treasurer, pro tom T hat Mr. W. S. Ramsey, 3, Queen-street-place, Cheapside, be Mot !. Secretary pro tern., and that his office (which he offers Vat uitonsly) be acknowledged as the address for the purposes of the Cht b till further arrangements be entered into; T. hat a vote of thanks be given to Mr. W. S. Ramsey for his "vain able services and the perseverance lie has exhibited in this good cause. That the best thanks of this meeting are eminently due and liereb). given to our much esteemed friend Augustus H Moore, Esq., fray's-inn, for his able and impartial conduct in the chair. Tha t the proceedings of this day be advertised in the Times, herald , Chronicle, Post, Daily News, Sun, and Globe newspapers. T' IE GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY COMPANY. TO BUILDERS.—CONTRACT FOR 'WORKS. Statiet t Buildings fr )rn (and exclusive of) the London Station to (and including) the Peterborough Station. The : Directors of the Great Northern Railway WILL MEET at the Off ices of the Company, 14, Moorgate-street, London, on aloaDA Y, the 21st JANUARY, 1850, at Twelve o'clock at noon, TO "PEN WINDERS for the execution of the whole or any portion of the St Itions, Goods' Warehouses, Locomotive Buildings, Gatelodges. &c., required upon the Main Line, commencing at the second sane King's-cross, London, to (and including the buildings wlthio ) the city of Peterborough, upon the basis of a schedule of Parties wishing to Ten ler can see Plans, Conditions, and :Form .of Proposals, and obtain, on payment of 205., copy of the fichedule, at the Offices of the Company, 14, Moorgate-street ; or at the Oftice of Mr. Henry Goddard, the Architect. at Lincoln, between the hours of Teo and Three, on and after Wednesday, the 16th January, 1850. Tent lers sealed up, marked " Tender for Station Works," and addressed to the Secretary, are to be lodged at the C“mpany's Offices , 14, Moorgate-street, before Twelve o'clock on Monday, the 21st J 4 inuary, 1850, when parties sending In Tenders, must be in attemt:rice• The same party is at liberty to Tender for one or more Stations. Teni lure will not be noticed unless made open the Company's Drintet I forms attached to the Conditions. Secs city will be required for the due performance of the Contract. .---The Directors do not engage to accept the lowest Tender, (By order) J. R. MOW ATT, Secretary. Con many's Offices, 14, Moorgate-street. London, December iG, 1849. LIE GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY LL COMPANY. TO BUILDERS—CONTRACT FOR WORKS. LONDON STATION. Tie a Directors of the Great Northern Railway will meet at the Office 3 of the Company, 14, Moorgate-street, London, on MONDAY, the 21 let January, 1550, at Twelve o'clock at noon, to OPEN TENDERI I for the execution of the works or buildings necessary for the Perm anent Goods' and Temporary Passengers' Stations, on the north aide f the Regent's Canal, Maiden-lane, King's-cross, London, upon the bi Lsis of a schedule of prices. Parties wishing to tender can see Plans, conditions, and form of proposals, and obtain, on payment of 205., a copy of the schedule, at the Offices of the Company, 14, Moor- Sate-s treet, or at the Office of Mr. Lewis Cubitt, the architect, 52, -Redfo rd-square, between the hours of ten and three, on and after 'WED! the IGth January, 1850. Tet 'ders sealed up, and marked "Tender fcr the Works of the Londi m Station." and addressed to the SECRETARY, are to be lodge r t at the Company's Offices, 14, Moorgate-street, before 12 kon Monday, the 21st January, 1850, when parties sending in Teal, :re must be in attendance. Te nderg ,viii rot be noticed unless made upon the Company's print, sd fort ns, attached to the conditions. Sec u.rity will be required for the dine performance of the Contract. -Th s Directors do not engage to accept the lowest Tender. (By - o;de - r) Cot npan 7'3 Offices 14, M oorga te-street, mowATr, Secretary. Loado:7, 26th day of December, 1849. SEASONABLE PRESENTS. At this festive period of the year,.the following unrivalled cover leg for the toilet are called into increased requisition, namely— RO WLARDS' ACASSA.R OIL, for creating and sustaining a luxes cant he.itd of hair. l W .WLANDS' KALYDOR, for rendering the Skin soft, fair, and blooti ling, and Imßq ODONTO, or Pearl Dentifrice, for imparting a a pea rl-like whiteness to the Teeth. Th a patronage of royalty throughout Europe, end the high appreclati‘ n by rank end fashion, with the well-known infallible efficacy of th. articles, give them a celebrity unparalleled, and render them a Pe , .adiarly elegant and seasonable present. BEWARE OF SPURIOUS IMITATIONS. The 010 y h!enutne of each bears the name of " ROWLANDS' " preceding th the Article on the Wrapper or Label. Sold by tt :env. at 20, llatton-garden, London, and by respectabie Chet/lists and Perfumers. EATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.- A cart :ain remedy for disorders of the Pulmonary Organs In Di fficulty ' Breathing—in Redundancy of Phlegm—in Incipient Consumption ( of which Cough is the most positive indication) they are unerring' efficacy. In Asthma and in Winter Cough they have never: been km ,wn to fail. KEATING'S COUGII LOZENGES are free, from every deleterious ingredient; they may, therefore, be takeu at all tii nes by the; most delicate female and by the youngest child ; while the Public Speaker and the Professional Singer will them Inv uluable in allaying the hoarseness and irritation inch' dent to veer d exertion, and consequently a powerful auxiliary in the I , roduction of melodious enunciation. Pr spared any I. sold in Boxes, Is. sd., and Tins 2s. Od., 4s. Gd., and lOs. 6d. tch, by Thomas Keating, Chemist, &c., No. 79, St PauT's Church -yard, London ; retail by all Druggists and Patent Yea( term in the kingdom. R. LA'MET :T ON THE SECRET INFIRMITIES OF YOUTH AND MAI IMITY.—WITII 40 COLOURED ENGRAVINGS ON STEEL. , ;•Jtist published, and may be had In French or English, in a Scaled Envelope. 2s. Cd., or p os t-f ree, from t h e A u th or , f o r forty-two Stamps, SELF-PRESERVATION; a Medic al Treatise on the Physiology of Marriage, and on the Secret Infirmities and Disorders of Youth and Maturity, usually =vaned at an early period of life, which enervate _ t he Dhysleal and mental powers, diminish and enfeeble the natural exhaust the vital energies a Manhood ; with Practical on the Treatment of Nervous Debility and Indigestion, as icing from these causes, close study, or the influence of tal mates; Local and Constitntional Weakness, Syphilis, 7etlo ll re, and all Diseases and Derangements resulting front Twitsrt. With Forty colonred Engravings, illustrating the P hysiology, and Diseases of the Reproductive Organs, explainini their stractin es, uses, and ftinctions, and the various 1 aluries th at ar e infection• produced in them by solitary habits, excesses, and BY SAMUEL LA'MERT, M.D., BEDFOR D -SQUARE. LONDON. Doctor of Matriculated Member sf the University of Edinburgh, Licentiate of Apothecaries' Hall, London, Honorary Member of the .ondon Hospital Medical Society, &c. AnTats4orkdcontains an accurate and complete acceunt of the fortunate Physiology of the Reproductive Organs. It unonce ant that the unhappy victim of excessive indulsgequence uneiwuousollyaebits, while suffering from their Invariable congi4u for relief. shaninteertains a fear of applying to a qualified physineously entertained tixatand the dread so frequently, but erroart, alike restrict him t hese complaints are beyond the reach of prevent seeking ror assistance where alone it bo Dr. flours, as his di LA 'aIERT has taken the highest modically r many ea Plornas testify, and the great extent of his practice a g'aarantee fo is professional experience, Well has r4er re is almost solely to ll the treatment of these diseases. May be had of Kent and Richards, Publis7. ted by the Au.t.hor, and ; ; 11 ,..aerl a.i e n Y, 13, Oxford-street; Stark, Tichborne-62, Patem tostcx-row street, syrnarXe; or fre . e Cornhill ; Gordon, 146, Lealenfor forty-two stamps, from London. hall-strt ,et, London *he Aral Residence, '37. ARa I A Mahe other E. M Ono half the world are desolately estionably contented m psho se hi lf ,bc n iae a , de r r eg t r h e e t p un l ea. g 'them married, qu an . mi • tdendeace, or a sense e 1 right determine the former, hield eniate4 h opes emtittertht, latter. The solitary ono may of caution and worldly prudence, s the in hurry ; but the truth lies deepe s r. to o y 'lncapacity, and brok en health, are the great hindrance d mestie noels" content. The should form dowry should not be the only marriage sot. iltoZent. 41onour andjustic2densand that health suite lathe; era:pact; it alone dignifies the alliance. Blighted hepea or neglect more sorely than poverty or misfortune. Rend_ e_r, if theta sure tisis concern you, procure Dr. CULVERWELL'S little MEMOIRS "On Single and Married Life," pub. in 2 vols., is. (b.' , post, In stamps, :. 6d. eac h). Lot no imaginatively or prudish feeling deter you, by their titles, nor be hindered DY Imizint wpretation of their supposed contents, from obtaining theta. They are net intended certainly for mere idle cariosity, but for the c:oset p erusa l of those mere dee?ly intere3ted, to whom they are offered as antagonistic to the empyrical trash put forth on the above subjects, by unqu%lified authors, which alone cr whether, are a disgrace to the age. Furthermore, two other publications claim yrur attention (same price Is. each, rest Is. 6d.) called " What to E a t, D r i n k, a n d and " flow to be Happy." They are not merely pa"nialefs, but equal in quantity a library volume, nor are they the mere scribblings of the hour, but the study of the author's lif,, wii, cwes his present existence, health, and position to this observance of tn.'. maxims he would inculcate --to do un'o others as he be done uu: , .---to live after natare's laws—and to keep always on the "sunny of the way." The above works may to had of Sherwood, 23, Paternester-rew ; Cirvalho, 145, Flee.-street • Mann, Cornhill; Spokes, 5, Holborn hill ; or direct (b./ post or other) from the cutler (who may be conferred with I.ersonarY, rs sysalnts), 19, Argyll -plaes ;tract; art all. ANNU AL ADDRESS. . The Publicti by this time, must be aware of the fact that E. MOSES and SON, at the conclusion of each year, make a practice of reviewing the progress which they may have made, and of acknowledging the same in a plain business address to their supporters. If such, however, were not the general practice of the proprietors, there would be every reason, on the present occasion, to issne . a "special circular" as an acknowledgment for those obligationslwhich have been so apparent in the year 1849. A glance at the past twelve months is sufficient to convince the proprietors that their Establishment is daily rising in the estimation discerning public. To no period eau E. MOSES and SOX refer in which every en- Couragement has not been afforded to them. Each of the four successive seasons of the year has had its amount of public favour, and no declension or fluctuation has at any tinge been apparent. Ardoug the records of the past year must be named the establishment of Two Branch Houses (the one in Sheffield, and the other in Bradford), and the partial completion of a Metropolitan Branch House at the West End. It is scarcely necessary to allude to the circumstances which led to these steps being taken.. The name of the proprietors being everywhere known and approved, a most extensive country connexion was the necessary consequence ; and as two favourable opporunitles presented themselves, the proprietors availed themselves of the same; and studied, thereby, their ewn interests mutual) , with those of their supporters. The inconvenience of distance was at once removed, and the advantages accruing from a purchase of MOSES and SON'S dress secured to numbers who otherwise could not, without sending to town, have realised the same. The Bradford Branch house has now been in operation for nearly twelve months; and so successful has it proved throughout 'this 'period, that E. MOSES and SON find it ditlicult to express their feelings Of satisfaction and gratitude under the encouraging circums slices. It was considered by many persons who were witne , ses of the opening and subsequent scenes at this House, that the success attendant on the speculation was without precedent in the annals of trade. What has been said concerning the Bradford Branch is, in every sense, applicable to that at Sheffield, which has been established nine months. To imagine that anything short of real merit could have produced all this, would c-rtainly he a conclus'on not at all warranted by reason. The purchases made on the opening days at these ill such Establishments would have soon caused a diminution of support, had not sound quality and general superiority been really apparent. So satisfactory, however, were the goods obtained —so thoroughly were all promises fulfilled, as to quality and cheapness, that all classes in these important localities rallied round the Proprietors, and heartily backed the speculations with their countenance and support. It has already been stated that the Metropolitan Branch, in the West End, which will be opened in the Spring, is the result of an increasing public Cemand for the goods supplied by the Proprietors. Such is a correct statement. Nothing but a positive assurance that such an extension is really required would have led E. MOSES and SON to have added thus to their London speculations, which, apart from that under consideration, had no equal in the world. Not to acknowledge obligations so essential would be tantamount to a forfeiture of all future favours. But E. MOSES and SON arc resolved to convince the public, both by word and action, that their numerous favours are gratefully received. The Proprietors hold out no false hopes to the public, when stating, that the year 1850 will be distinguished for improvements and advantages on a scale more advantageous than has ever yet been experienced. It is by this means alone that E. MOSES and SON hope to secure future support from those who have so liberally aided them. The Proprietors might particularise those arrangements for the coming seasons which are already In progress. They have in preparation a stock of Spring and Summer Dress, which, for cheapness, utility, and elegance, was never surpassed. They would also impress upon the notice of the public those various articles which are now on sale for the winter season. They have no hesitation in asserting that such an assortment is not to be met with elsewhere in the trade. E. MOSES and SON, in conclusion, would wish all classes of their supporters in every sense "a happy new year"—a year free from those party international broils abroad, and those political dia. sensions at horns, which cannot tail to operate inimically with our commercial trading and domestic well-being. The proprietors trust that those who aid them, together with those who are not numbered among their supporters, may have to declare, when the clock strikes twelve on the night of the 31st of December next, that the year 1850 has proved to them a year of uninterrupted peace, prosperity, and happiness. A Medal, containing an Almanac for the year 1850, wil be presented t o every customer. A Large Sleek of Fur Coats, in every shape, from 60s. to 201. dirTheeteto:e 7o Naval and Military Uniforms, Liveries, &C. Mourning to any extent at Five Minutes' notice. warded, aposrt free, A Suit of Mourning complete for IL 10s. book, entitled " The Minion of the Million," with full Self-measurement, can be had on apOcation, or for- Notice __ to any part of the kingdom. Observeof the seaso ul n. e Fur Department is now replete with every novelty knaYoarrticle purchased, either ready made, or made to measure, if not Furriers, Boo l'l t' E. MOSES and : e yed of will be exchanged, or the money retarned. a Taitors, Woollendrapers, Clothiers, Batters, min :t r d Shoemakers, and Gemini Outfitters, 151, leaving 155, 15G, and 157 London ; all communicatinle', /tad 87, 84, 85, and 86 Aligate, City. Establishment. g with each other, and forming one vast Caution.—E. Moses and Son g reet having to guard the public ted with them, or " It is tho same concern," t i h n ey m h an av y e in C s o ta c falsehood d im of p b o e s iag itioi c i o ; nn b e t e tt hoard that the untradesmanlike n on ce nex o n with any other house and for obvious reasons, In or out of London, except their Branch hash e y peon b e beg to resorted state t h t a o t Establishments, 36, Fargate, Sheffield ; and 19, Thornton's-buildings, Bradford end those whe require cheap and genuine clothing , Yorkshire; , too., should call at or send to the Itlinories and Aidgate, City, London; or either of the Branch Establishments, as above. Take Nottee,--This Establishment is closed freni sunset Friday, to Saturday, when is resumed till twatva o'cleak. THE NOVELTY most recently introduced by MESSRS. NICOLL is called NICOLL'S PATENT EIDER DOWN PALETOT, such novelty clnsisting the adaptation of Eider Down in the formation of NICOLL'S PALETOT, the original elegance and utility of which is, however, faithfully preserved. Eiders are found In great numbers in Iceland and the Fern Islands, where their beautiful and delicate down is well known to be proof against the most severe cold, and even the small quantity which can be compressed and concealed between the two hands, will serve in the formation of a Palet•t, which, while it has most extraordinary lightness, has, nevertheless, more warmth than the fines' and thickest blanket, the great desideraium for a winter garment being thus accomplished, namely, personal warmth without fatigue. Public inspection Is invited at MESSRS. NICOLL'S wholesale and retail warerooms, 14, 116, and 120, REGENT-STREET, and 22, COANIIILL London. THE NICOLL PALETOT (Registered 6 and 7 Viet., cap. 65) WAREROOMS, 114, 116, 120, REGENTSTREET. and 22, CORNHILL. Many have assumed the use of the word PALETOT, but Messrs. NICOLL are the sole Patentees of the design and material. The Wholesale and Counting House Departments fer the London Branches in the Shipping and Woellen Trades are in CHANGEALLEY, CORNIIIL L. and 120, REGENT-STREET. The NICOLL is the distinguishing name given to a garment secured by Royal Letters Patent from general imitation. It has all the advantages of Messrs. NICOLL'S original invention, the REGISTERED PALETOT of LLAMA CLOTH. The NICOLL PALETOTS are charge , ' One, Two, Three, and Three-and a-half Guineas, according with the climate or purpose for which they may be required. DREDGE'S HEAL-ALL ; or Celebrated Embrocation, has long been known throughout the West of P,ngland, as the most efficacious Remedy for Rheumatism, Lumbago, Pains in the Limbs and Numbness, Sciatic and_ Paralytic Affections, Face-ach, Sprains and Braises, Burns and Scalds, Spasms and Cramp, Stiffness of the Joints or Neck, Frozen Limbs, Chilblains before they aro broken. It is likewise an infallible cure for that dangerous disorder the Quinsey or Sore Throat, in which it was never known to fail after a few hours applicati3n. Observe--That none can be Genuine unless the Stamp affixed to each bottle contains the name and address of Barclay and Sons, No. 95, Farriugdon-street, who have purchased the property In this valuable article from the executors of the inventor, William Dredge, late of Wishford. Wilts. Retail price, Is. I}id. and 2s. 9d. per bottle ; and sold retail by all respectable Medicine Vendors in Town and Country. THIRTY-FIRST EDITION. Illustrated by 25 Anatomical Coloured Engravirge on Steel. ON PHYSICAL - DISQUALICATIONS, GENERATIVE INCAPA • CITY, AND IMPEDIMENTS TO MARRIAGE. Yew idition, enlarged to 196 pages. Just published, price 2s. 6d., or by cost, direct from the Establishment, Se. 6d. in postage stamps, F riHE SILENT FRIEND, a Medical Work on . the inermities and decay of the generative system, from ex.essive indulgence, infection, and the inordinate ace of m ircury, with remarks on Marriage, and the means of obviating ce: t Lin d:a-mallilentions. Illustrated by 26 Coloured Engraviags. By R. and PERRY and CO., Consulting Surgeons, 12, Berners-street, Ox- Ord-street, London. Published by the Authors : seld by Strange, 11, Paternoster-row ; Hannay, 63, and Sanger, 150, Oxford-street; 3tarie,l3, Titchberno-street, Haymarket; and Gordon, 146, Leaden'mill-street. PART I. testi of the anatomy and physiology of the re-productive organs, and is illustrated by Six Coloured Engravings. PART 11. treats of the consequences resulting from excessive indulgence, and their lamentable effects on the system, producing mental and bodily weakness, nervous excitement, and generative neapacity. Illtotrated by Three Explanatory Engravings. PART 111. treats of the diseases resulting from infection, either in the primary or secondary form, and centaine explicit directions for their treatment. This section is illustrated by Seventeen Coloured Engravings.. PART IV. contains a Prescription for the Prevention of Disease by a simple application, by which the danger of infection .s obviated. This important part of the Work should no edict,* the eader's notice. PART V. is devoted to the considesation of marrtsge, and its dutlas. The causes of unproductive- union are also zensidered, and the whole subject critically and philosophically inquired into. TnICORDIAL BALM OF SYZIAOIIM is exclusi"sly employed In treat- Irg nervous and sexual debility, impotence, &c., 11 and Us. per bottle. The Concentrated Deters!le Tssence, anti-syphilitie remedy, for purifying the blood is cases ofinfection, secondary symptoms, eruptions, and the abuse of wt.:miry, I is. and 335. per bottle. Perrv's Purifying Specific r!.la, 2,. 9d., 4s. 6d., and I Is. per box, a certain remedy for gonorrLcca, fleet, stricture, and chronic inflammalon of the bladder. :,onsaltation fee, if by letter, li. A minute detail of the case is 'aqui! : age, habits, and position in society. sl Packets, wiot advice, to be had at the Establishment only, by which the fee,ll., is saved. Messrs. Perry, Surgeons, are in atter.- 'anr:e at 19, Berrien-street, Oxford-street, London, from Ni t . ves till Tan, awl Time to Foist, ne Prom to. NAVAL INTELLIGENCE. PLYMOUTH, Dim. 31.—There will be a courtmartial to-morrow on board her Majesty's ship Impregnable, 78, flag-ship, Captain Sir Thomas Maitland, C. 8., to try Lieutenant Lewry, of her Majesty's ship Britomart, 8, Commander Chamberlain, on four separate charges of sleeping on his post, drunkenness, disobedience, and contempt. The Britomart returned from the coast of Africa a few days since, and is shortly to be paid off. The Indefatigable, 80, Captain Smart, K.H., went into Burn Pool to-day to have her compasses adjusted. She is expected to go to Lisbon. The Contest, 12, Commander the Hon. J. Spencer, bound for the coast of Africa with the mails, came in yesterday from Portsmouth. On the ship firing her salute, a sad accident happened to one of the men. It appears that a part of the old fuse had been, by accident, left in the touch-hole of the gun, and While the seaman was ramming in the charge, the powder ignited and an explosion took place, which so shattered the poor fellow's arm as to render amputation necessary. The Arethusa, 50-gun new frigate, will go out of dock on Wednesday morning. She is ordered to be commissioned. The Fearless, steamer, will have her defects made good by the 9th. The Penguin, 6, Lieutenant W. Leslie, will leave Falmouth January 6, for the Brazils. PORTSMOUTH, TUESDAY.—The royal yacht Victoria and Albert, Captain Lord Adolphus Fitzclarence, was towed round from the steam-basin to the old basin this morning, in readiness to be docked, in the room of the Devastation. The Fairy, tender to the above, was removed from dock to-day after renewal of the composition on her bottom, &c. The Termagant steam•£riga4e was docked to-day to have a new screw fitted, &c. The Fire Queen steam-packet, for the Holyhead station, sailed this morning in command of Lieutenant Jones, late of the Flamer. The Terrible steam•frigate, Captain Hope, sailed this evening for Devonport, with supernumeraries and newly-entered men, to be forwarded to the Superb, 80, at Queenstown, making up her complement to within 70. ROYAL MARINO. Captain Urquhart, lately removed from the active list of captains by her Majesty's command, has been appointed by the Secretary-at• War to the Paymastership of the 59th Regiment, now serving at Hong. Kong. The military command at Ascension, now vacant by the unexpected return to England of Captain John Miller, has been accepted by Captain Lillicrap, of the Chatham Division. Among the many inconveniences to which the Portsmouth division and the service at large have been subjected by the removal of that corps to Gosport, a want of church accommodation is not one of the least. From 500 to 700 men attend the little parish church of Forton on Sunday; the building for some time wanting repairs, is now in a really defective and dangerous condition. One of the galleries appropriated for the men is supported by shores, an , l some fissures of considerable extent appear in the side wall. To lessen the probability of accident, it is suggested that until the necessary repairs are effected one half only of the division should attend divine service at once. " COUNTRY QUARTERS," BY THE COUNTESS OF BLESSINGTON.--'• We hasten to notice this charming novel, because we are sure that the reading public will all be eager to loara of the appearance of this, unhappily, one of the latest productions of an accomplished l a dy' s pen, and also on account of the elegantly-written memoir of the lamented authoress, by her niece, Miss Power. Lady Blessington is so celebrated as a novelist, that it were a work of supererogation to enter into any praise of her skill in such productions. It is only necessary to observe that "Country Quarters" will be found delightful; and those who do not take the benefit of the advantage now afforded them of revelling therein, will have reason to blame themselves for losing a decided treat in the engaging paths of fiction. We congratulate the novel-loving public on the appearance of a work which will altogether so charm and interest."—Morniny Advertiser. ARTICLE V.-EXECUTIVE. The Governor is to be the chief executive officer. He is to hold office two years. He must be 26 years old, and a resident of the state (after the first election) two years He must not be an officer of the United States. His duties, as well as those of Lieutenant- Governor, are similar to those of the same officers in other states. The Secretary of State is to be appointed by the Governor and Senate. The Comptroller, Treasurer, Attorney-General, and Surveyor-General shall be chosen by joint vote of the two Houses of the Legislature, at their first session, and thereafter shall be elected by the people. ARTICLE VI.-JUDICIAL. The judicial power of the state is t o b e ves t e d i n a supreme court, in district courts, in county courts, and in justices of the peace. The Supreme Court shall consist of a Chief Justice and two Associate Justices, any two of whom shall constitute a quorum. The justices of the Supreme Court shall be elected by the people, and hold office for six years ; .the senior justice in commission to be Chief Justice. The powers of the Supreme Court are defined, and provision made for dividing the state into districts, from each of which districts judges are to be elected to hold office for six vear4. rARTICLE Z. Provides fur amending the constitution. By passing the proposed amendment by a majority in each branch of the Legislature for two successive sessions and then submitting it to the people. On the recommendation of two-thirds of the Senate and Assembly the question of calling a convention to amend or revise the constitution shall be submitted to the people. ARTICLE XL Contains miscellaneous provisions. San Jose is to be the capital. Duelling is forbidden. The fiscal year is to commence on the Ist of July. The state credit is not to be loaned. Taxation is to be equal and uniform. All property of the wife, owned before marriage, and that acquired afterwards, shall be her separate property. Laws shall also be passed providing for the registration of the wife's separate property. The Legislature shall protect by law, from forced sale, a certain portion of the homestead and other property of all heads of families. ARTICLE XIL-BOUNDARY. The boundary of the state of California shall be as follows : Commencing at the point of intersection of the 42,1 degree of north latitude with the 120th degree of longitude west from Greenwich, and running south on the line of said 120th degree of west longitude until it intersects the 39th degree of north latitude ; thence running in a straight line, in a south-easterly direction, to the river Colorado, at a point where it intersects the 35th degree of north latitude; thence down the middle of the channel of said river to the boundary line between the United States and Mexico, as established by the treaty of May 30, 1848 ; thence running west and along said boundary line to the Pacific Ocean, and extending three English miles ; thence running in a north-westerly direction, and following the direction of the Pacific coast to the 42d degree of north latitude ; thence on the line of said 42d degree of north latitude to the place of beginning. Also all the islands, harbours, and bays along and adjacent to the Pacific coast. A schedule appended contains a variety of provisions of temporary and minor interest. THE MORNING MAILS FOR 1850. The following is the official corrected list of the post towns to which letters and newspapers can be forwarded by the morning mail trains as well as by the evening mails for the present year (Sundays excepted). Morning and evening mails are also made up for France and the Continent via Dover and Calais : Abergavenny, Abingdon, Accrington, Aln wick Amersham, Ampthill, Andov e r roa d, A run d e l, Ashford, Atherstone, Attleborougb, Aylesbury, Banbury, Barnsley, Basingstoke, Bath, Battle, Bedford, Belford, Lyper . , Berkhampstead, Berwick, Bewdley, Bicester, Bilston, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Bishop's Stortford, Blackburn, Blandford, Bognor, Bolton, Boston, Brackley, Bradford (Yorkshire), Bradford (Wilts), Brandon, Brentwood, Bridgwater, Brighton, Bristol, Broadway, Bromsgrove, Buckingham, Burford, Burnley, Bury St. Edmund's, Cambridge, Canterbury, Carlisle, Chatham, Chelmsford, Cheltenham, Chepstow, Chertsey, Chester, Chesterfield, Chichester, Chippenham, Chipping Norton, Christchurch, Chorley, Cirencester, Cobham, Cockermouth, Colchester, Collumpton, Congleton, Coventry, Cowes, Crewe, Cranbrook, Cuckfield, Darlington, Dartford, Daventry, Deal, Derby, Devizes, Dorking, Dorchester, Dover, Downham, Droitwich, Dudley, Dunmow, Durham, Eastbourne, East Grin • stead, Eccleshall, Edenbridge, Ely, Emsworth, Enstone, Epping, Epsom, Exeter, Esher, Evesham, Farnham, Fareham, Faringdon, Fenny Stratford, Feversham, Folkestone, Frome, Gateshead, Gloucester, Godalming, Gosport, Grantham, Gravesend, Guernsey, Guildford, Halesworth, Halifax, Harlow, Harwich, Hatfield, Hastings, Havant, Hemel Hempstead, Henley-on-Thames, Hereford, Hertford, Hexham, Ihigham, Ferran, High 'tVycomb, Hoddeadon, Holbeach, Horsham, Huddersfield, Huntingdon, Ilythe, Ipswich, Ingatestone, Jersey, Kelvedon, Kendal, Kenilworth, Kettering, Kidderminster, Knutsford, Lancaster, Leamington, Leatherhead, Ledbury, Leeds, Leicester, Leighton Buzzard, Lewes, Lichfield, Lincoln, Liverpool, Loughborough, Lowestoft, Ludlow, Lynn, Lymington, Lyndhurst, Macclesfield, Maidenhead, Maidstone, Malvern, Maldon, Manchester, Manningtree, March, Margate, Marlow, Maryport, Melksham, Melton Mowbray, Milnthorpe, Monmouth, Morpeth, Moreton-in-Marsh, Nan twich, Newark, Ne wnham, Newcastleon-Tyne, Newmarket, Newport (Isle of Wight), Newport Pagnell, Northampton, North Shields, Norwich, Northwich, Nottingham, Nuneaton, Oldham, Ongar, Oundle, Oxford, Penrith, Pershore, Peterborough, Poole, Portsmouth, Preston, Preston Brook. Queeuborough, Ramsgate, Reading, Reigate, Ringwood, Rickmansworth, Ripley, Rochdale, Rochester, Ross, Rotherham, Rugby, Rugeley, Rumsey, Ryde, Rye, Saffron Walden, Salisbury, Sandbach, Sandwich, Saxmundham, Seven Oaks, Sheerness, Sheffield, Shepton Mallett, Shields, North Shoreham, Sittingbourne, Slough, South Shields, Southampton, Spalding, Stafford, Staines, Stamford, Staplehurst, St. Alban's, St. Ives (Hunts), St. Leonard's, St Neot's, Stockport, Stone, Stourbridge, Stony Stratford, Stowmarket, Stratford-on-Avon, Stroud, Sunderland, Swindon, Tamworth, Taunton, Tenbury, Tenterden, Tetbury, Tewkesbury, Theme, Thetford, Thirsk, Thrapaton, Tipton, Tiverton, Towcester, Tring, Trowbridge, Tunbridge, Tunbridge Wells, Ulverstone, Uxbridge, Ventor, Wakefield, Wallingford, Walsall, Waltham-cross, Wansford, \Vantage, Ware, Wareham, Warminster, Warrington, Warwick, Watford, Wednesbury, Weedon, Wellingborough, Wellington (Somersetshire), Wells (Somersetshire), .Welwyn, Weymouth, Westbury, West Bromwich, Whitehaven, Wigan, Wigton, Wimborne, Winchester, Winchfield, Windsor, Wis. beach, Witham, Witney, Woburn, Wokingham, Wolverhampton. Woodbridge, Woodstock, Worcester, Workington, Worthing, Wymondham, Yarmouth, and York. All Ireland (three times a daymorning, afternoon, and evening mails). All Scotland. For all the above places the letter boxes et the receiving-houses will be open till 7 A.M. for IleVispapers, and 45 minutes past 7 AM. for letters ; and those at the branch offices, Charing-cross, Old Cavendish- street, and the Borough, for newspapers until half past 7 a.m., and for letters until 8 A.M. At the General Postoffice, St. Martin's-le Grand, and the branch office in Lombard-street, the boxes will close for newspapers at a quarter before 8 A.M., and for letters at half pasta A.M.—General Post-office, January, 1850. —Evening Mails —The receiving houses throughout the metropolis are open until 5 30 P.M. for letters, or with a fee of ld., in addition to the postage, which, as well as the fee, must be paid b y stam p s, until 6 P.M. At the branch offices the boxes 6 are open until 6 rear., or with a fee as abov e until4s Pm. At Lombard-street office until 6 P.M., and until 7 P.M. with the postage and fee paid in advance in stamps, and at the General Post-office until 6 rem., until 7 P.m. with a fee of 13. and postage, and until 7 30 PM. with a fee of GI As regards foreign letters presented at the branch officee after time, the postage and. THE LONDON DOCKS. The half-yearly meeting of the proprietors of the London Docks was held yesterday, at the offices of the company, in the New Bank-buildings; Mr. Cutterell, chairman of the board of directors, in the chair. From the report read by the secretary, it appeared that the number of loaded ships from abroad entered into the docks for the six months ending the 30th November last was 730, measuring 200,012 tons, while the number for the corresponding six months of 1848 was 983, measuring 234,426 tons. The amount of earnings for the same period was 247,3001. Bs. Bd.; fur the corresponding period of 1848, 234,3901. 4s. Id. The deficiency of tonnage for this year consisted principally :of grain -laden vessels which produce very small revenues to the docks. ,The expenditure for the six months of 1842 was 139,264/. 10s. 4d., compared with 132,9071. 1 ls. 9d. for the corresponding period of 1848. The balance standing to the credit of the profit and loss account was 247,9541. 2s. 11d., out of which the directors proposed to pay a dividend for the six months of 21. 10s. per cent., amounting to 90,9571. 12s. 3d., leaving a balance in f avour • o f the cothpalif of 0 166,926/:10s: Of this sum the directors propose to appropriate 15,0001. to the credit of their account " new works," which will reduce the amount under that head to 33,9391. 7s. 11d. Of the balance standing to the profit and loss account, the sum of 189,6031.95. 4d. consists of outstanding charges due to the company for goods now in the warehouses. The stock of goods in the warehouses for the last six months amounts to 127,825 tons, compared with 1 - 22,504 tons during the corresponding period of last year. The report concluded by stating that the directors had been forced to consider the necessity of having new warehouse-room, especially for indigo; and that they had concluded a contract with Messrs. Cubitt and Co. for the erection of warehouses on the , sole remaining plot of groun d on th e company' s premises, which were expected to be fieished by the middle of the present year. The outlay was expected to be 82,000/. The CHAIRMAN said he would be happy to afford information to any proprietor who might wish for Mr. MATTHEW CLARK hoped the directors were well satisfied that the new buildings were absolutely necessary, and that they would be filled, otherwise it would be throwing their money away. But what he principally rose for was, to ask whether or not anything could be done for the labourers of the London Docks by building houses for them, which they might have at a few shillings rent—yielding them better accommodation than they now paid dearer for. He knew they ought not to lay out their funds in charity, or to let their benevolence supersede their interest—(Loud cheers) —but he thought it would be quite possible, while they consulted their interest, at the same time to ameliorate the condition of their labourers, by setting aside a small sum of moneyand it would not require a large sum—to be laid out in erecting plain but suitable dwelling-houses for their labourers, the rent of which, while moderate to the occupants, would return a fair interest to the company. The East and West India Dock Company had set an excellent example in this respect. They had, much to their credit, commenced a number of labourers' cottages in immediate contiguity to their docks ; and though he believed the rent of these cottages would yield them five or six per cent., yet it would also be a great boon to the labourer.—(Cheers.) The CHAIRMAN said he was much obliged to Mr. Clark for putting the question. The subject had not escaped the attention of the directors—(Hear, hear) —though he must remind them that the situation of the East and West India Dock Company was considerably different from theirs, as they had abundance of land outside their gates on which to build, while they (the London Dock Company) had none whatever. They had, however, been making inquiries, which, it was to be remembered, they must do very cautiously ; because if it were known that the London Dock Company were ma king inquiries for land, it would certainly not tend to lessen the price—(Hear, hear)—but there were two or three spare elocalities in their neighbourhood which they had been after, and they would still, as occasion served, continue them. The subject, however, was rather for the Court of Proprietors than for the directors, though he dared to say the directors would not disagree with whatever the proprietors might determine on. The directors thought that if they could build a number of suitable dwellings for a limited number of preferable men, so that they could know where to have them whenever they were wanted, it would be a most desirable thing.--(Cheers.) With regard to the new warehouses, he could assure Mr. Cl ar k th a t they were absolutely necessary. He hoped to see them filled so soon as they were built; but even if they were not, they would give great facilities to carrying on the business of the docks, which was now greatly incommoded for want of room. - The report was then put arid carried unanimously. The accounts of the company were read and laid on the table. The CHAIRMAN said he did not know that he had anything to say beyond what was contained in the report. The desire and the object of the directors was to do their best to bring business to the docks, and he hoped that upon the ►hole, though the number of ships had not increased, yet the amount of goods had, and the profits had also considerably increased. He then !novel that a dividend of 21. 10s. per cent. for the six months be declared, to be paid on the Bth inst., which was seconded , and carried unanimously. Mr. Geo. Marshall was than elected a director in room of Mr. Gore, deceased; after which thanks were voted to the Chairmen, and the meeting separated. ROYAL SOUTH LONDON DISPENSARY. The annual general meeting of the governors and friends of this dispensary was held last night in the board room of the institution, St. George's Cross. Mr. John Barnard presided. The committee's report, which was unanimously adopted, stated that the income of the charity for the year ending the 25th uit., from subscriptions, donations, and dividends, amounted to 688/. 6s. 91, and that, after defraying the expenses, a balance remained at the banker's of 811. 18s. 41, besides 3/. 145. in the hands of the secretary. It appeared that the annual subscribers amount to 309, and that there is every probability of the number being increased. The number of patients in the year had bean 3,073. Of these 2,405 had been discharged cured; 442 relieved, 40 had died, and 186 were remaining upon the books. After the report had been adopted, Mr. ILIFFe proposed several alterations in the rules, which it was stated had been found necessary in order to increase the efficiency of the institution. The most important appeared to have relation to the medical officers, the number of which, in future, was directed to be regulated from time to time according to the wants of the institution. On the motion of Mr. LEWIS, a rule was added for the appointment, at a subsequent period, of a surgeondentist. The rules, as amended, were then agreed to. A motion was proposed by Mr. WATSON, and seconded by Mr. JONES, both surgeons to the charity, to the effect that Mr. Hentsch, the resident medical officer, should be required to visit the out-patients in a certain district contiguous to the dispensary, in addition to his ordinary duties within the walls of the institution. The motion was supported upon the ground of the distance of the district from the residences of the surgeon, and of a more equitable division of the labour with the resident medical officer. Mr. FR&NES, a member of the committee, opposed the motion. He argued that it was inexpedient, inasmuch as whatever time the resident medical officer devoted to visiting outdoor patients must be taken from his duties within doors. Mr. LEWIS, who is also one of the surgeons, supported the motion upon the grounds of equity and principle. The resident medical officer had a salary of 1301. per annum, a house, and was permitted to nl carry on private practice, whilst the surgeons had only 601.yvery per annum each, and were required dtoinap officer was high qualifications. The re6identm therefore e he ought thus infinitely the best paid, to be called upon to discl i l l i a tri proportion of duty. d li . e ti _ nt in s eu u d t I somethingi ci en t time to attend question ; and indeeci so i provided he received the o f6ol. ot tli t e o d i o s to the ed patients volunteered WENTSCII denied this statement, and said he salary had never made any such offer. Mr. LEWIS had been so informed. At all events Mr. Hentsch was very well paid : he had privileges which the out surgeons had not, and upon every principle of equity he ought to be called upon to take his fair proportion of out-door duty. Indeed he (Mr. Lewis) had been told by Mr. Watson, and also by a member of the committee, that Mr. Hentsch had said he was prepared to take not a portion only, but the whole of the out-door duty, provided he received the salary.--(" No," from Mr. Hentsch.) This voluntary promise, as he understood, had been made at the time when the late surgeons resigned in a body. Mr, observed that the whole of tho time. / , .__ A. , , [PRICE SD. together to the Wier ti to given to them by roi. devoted by all the wag not equal to the , dent medical officer. :Jr. LEWIS referred ts. the rules of the Metropolitan pispensary, C r i pp l egste, ;and the Aldeiagate, street Dispensary, to show that the principle he contended for was recognised in the practice of those institutions. He added, that tsroughout England and Wales th ere were only two oisdensaries where the resident medi ca l o ffi cers were pea nitted to engage in private practice. Mr. said he wad oblig e d to keep an assistant—indeed he was boun I to keep one. Mr. Lawis re j o i ned that Mr. Hentsch rece i ve d a certain salary for dispensing, and if he kept an assistant that was his own affair. Mr. FRANKS explained that Mr. Ilentsch'r, salary had been raised from 1001. to 1301. upon hi s own application, in consideratio n of the numerous duties he had to perform; but the 301. increase was granted solely for the payment of an assistant. Mr. Lisnartsos hinted th a t t h e motion was attributable to a feeling of jealousy. Mr. Lawis warmly repelled the i ns i nuat i on. He declared that he entertained no j ealousy whatever, and his sole motive for supporting the mo ti on was that the surgeons should receive assi s t ance i n the discharge of th e ir ard uous duties. M in r. F ran k s himself had agitated th e principle committee. Mr. FRANKS explained that that referr e d only to cases of emergency, w h ere th e patients from any came could not be visited by the surgeon of the day. Mr. HENTSCH again denied that he had ever o ff ere d to undertake the ou t d u t y on condition of rec e i v i ng the surgeon's sal ar y. H e h a d cer tainly offered to discharge it wh en th e i ns ti tut i on was placed in a very extraordinary p os iti on b y th e resignation of all its medical officers. Mr. W a t son , knowing that, asked him if he would again undertake the duty provided the surg eons gave up t h e i r sa l ar i es to him. His reply was that h e s h ou ld h ave no objection to try, but he could not do the work alone, and the money would enable him to take an assistant; but he had certainly, never made an offer upon the rumple condition of receiving the surgeon's salary. He asked Mr. Watson whether this was not the truth ? Mr. WATSON said Mr. Hentsch had stated he could not do the duty alone; but as to an assistant he (Mr. Watson) heard nothing. After a few more words from Mr. Franks, the motion was put and lost by a majority of one, the numbers being three for, and four against. The Committee and other officers for the ensuing year were then appointed, and the proceedings terminated. THE IVEATHER AND THE PA RKS. The thermometer yesterday rose, at one period, as high as 41 degrees, whilst, during Monday night, it sunk as low as 24 degrees, considerably below freezing poillt. The barometer, at six o'clock last evening, stood at the Royal Humane Society's receiving-hou,e, in Hyde-park, at 30.32, and the wind remained in nearly the same quarter as it was the previous day. The different carriage roads leading into the metropolis were extremely dangerous, and it was with difficulty that horses drawing vehicles could proceed along. This was especially the case at Holborn and Snow Hills, as well as at th e a pp roac h es to the different metropolitan bridges. At Waterloobridge, and the road leading to it from the York Hotel, the thoroughfares looked like glass, the water caused by the thaw the previous day having been frozen in the night, so that it was found impracticable for any of the omnibuses or other conveyances going to the South-Western Railway to cross the water. Gravel was, therefore, plentifully scattered over the road and bridge, and by that means the traffic was resumed. The same was obliged to be done on several other main lines of road in London. The following is the return of the number of sliders ard skaters yesterdiiy upon the several ornamental waters of the royal parks:— ST. JAMES'S PARK.-The ice about two inches in thickness, but still very dangerous, the glass here varying during the after part of the day from 34 to 32 degrees. About 6,000 persons amused themselves by sliding and skatin g . M r . F re d er i c k S ymes, of Fishstreet-hill, whilst sliding, fell upon, it is believed, the point of a skate, by which he was so severely cut that it is feared he will lose the sight of one, if not both eyes. Not a single immersion took place. THE SERPENTINE, HYDE PAR Y.—Upwards Of 3,000 persons amused themselves on the ice, including several members of the Skating Club. The ice was returned as being 2k inches thick, but on account of the many springs in the river is still very dangerous. THE LONG WATER, KENSINGTON GARDENS.— The ice here was 2i inches thick, and the number of skakers and sliders (including a great many members of the Skating Club), 1,500. THE ROUND POND, OPPOSITE KENSINGTON PALACE.—The ice on this point was inches in thickness. Sliders and skaters, 1,000. No accidents. THE REGENT'S PARIC.—The ice very dangerous, being not more than two inches thick. About twelve thousand skaters and sliders, but no accidents. The men of the Royal Humane Society, under the direction of Mr. Charlier, the secretary, and Mr. Superintendent Williams, rendered essential aid to the pnblic by pointing out the most dangerous places upon the ice, which prevented many accidents. VICTORIA PAR/T.—Since Sunday the ornamental waters have been frozen over, and a large number of persons have daily collected for the exercise of skating. It may not be generally known that the waters of this park are not so deep, and consequently not so dangerous, as those at St. James's and Hyde Parks. We believe, in the centre of the channel, the depth is not more than five feet. On the large space round the Chinese Pagoda, two or three thousand human beings were sporting away yesterday afternoon. On the bathing water, situate at the extreme eastern end of the park, a more select company was assembled. The only accident that took place happened on Sunday afternoon, when a number of Dutchmen went on the ice. A crowd of spectators followed them, and the weak part by the shore gave way, and nearly a dozen unlucky creatures hail a ducking. Nothing serious, however, occurred. SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. EPSOM SPRING MEE TING, 1550. The following is the complete entry for the Metropolitan Handicap:—Retail, 4 yrs—Osterley, 4 yrs—Mounseer, 4 yrs—Ellerslie, 5 yrs—Velox, 4 yrs—Belus, 4 yrs —Elthiron, 4 yrs—Testator, 4 yrs—Seneca, 3 yrs— Lismahago, 4 yrs-,- Sylvan, 5 yrs—lron Rail, 6 yrs— Glutton, 5 yrs—Tarn Wadlin, 4 yra—Bastinado, 3 yrs— Herbert, 4 yrs—Sunnyside, 5 yrs—Yard Arm, aged— Ada Mary, 4 yrs—Black Eagle, 4 yrs—Caurire, 4 yrs— Woodlark, 4 yrs—Legerdemain, 4 yrs—Epirote, 6 yrs— The Knout, 4 yrs—Mickleton, 3 yrs—Babalonica, 3 yrs —Minimum, 4 yrs—Red Doe, 5 yrs—Damask, 3 yrs— Peep-o'-day Boy, 6 yrs—Seaman, 3 yrs—Dough, 4 yrs —Vampyre, 6 yrs—Quiver, 4 yrs—Borneo, 4 yrs— Cheerful, 4 yrs—Golden Pippin, 4 yrs—Wauota, 6 yrs —St. Antonio, 5 yrs—f by Vulcan, out of Lodola, 4 yrs —Melody, 4 yes—Sir Gilbert, 4 yrs—Ciarissa, 4 yrs— Puffy, 4 yrs—Eva, 4 yrs—Uklipus, 4 yrs—Wild Rose, 4 yrs—Lammermoor, 4 yrs—lnheritress, aged—Roland, 4 yrs—Raby, 4 yrs—Snowstorm, 4 yrs—Alp, 4 yrs— Chantrey, 4 yes—Duc de Brabant, 4 yrs—The Premier, 4 yrs—Wiudergrutz, 3 yrs—Giselle, aged—Fernhill, 5 yrs—Bacchaoalian, 5 yrs—Backbiter, 5 yra—Champion, 4 yes—Lepidus, 4 yrs—Valentine, 3 yrs—Midis, 4 yrs —Abbot of Meaux, 4 yrs—Pelham, 4 yrs—Maltoa, 5 yrs—Flateatcher, 5 yrs—Westow, 4 yrs—Clermont, 6 yrs—The Nautch Girl, 4 yrs—Eagle's Plume, 5 yrs— Cockermouth, 5 yrs—Cossack, 6 yrs—c by Sir Hercules, out of Emprers, 4 yrs—Saxon, 6 yrs—Quiz, 6 yrs— Kissaway, 4 yrs—Juggler, 4 yrs—Fringe, 3 yrs—Glendower, 5 yrs—Saucy Dick, 4 yrs—St. George, 3 yrs— Kennington, yrs—Thringarth, 4 yrs—Chorister, yrs —Sister to Pillage, 3 yrs. CHESTER CUP. The nominations subjoined are up to the close in town, and to four o'clock yesterday afternoon at Chester. A few more may be expected from the latter place, and several from York:—Clermont, Receptive, The Arab, Damask, Chorister, lanthe, Fitzpatrick, Ballinafad, King of Oude, Pantomime, Fugleman, Minimum, Bon Mot, Cockermouth, Lambs' Wool, Idle Boy, Colleen Rhue, Keleshea, Rhesus, John Cosser, Ada Mary, Manifold Peep-o'-Day Boy, Ellerslie, Loup Garou, Sir Richard, Captain Grant, Belus, Solon, Testator, Seneca, Epiroto, Strongbow, Montague, Tarn Wadlin, Langton, Pasford, Glauca, Saucy Dick, Lady Evelyn, c by Laneroost, out of Concertina, Mounseer, Giselle, Rodney, svterejlisoayillEwllearidi Midis.,aale Glee, Woolwich, Priestess, Knight . of Gwynne, Woodlark, Cossack, Chatterer, Cocktail, The Alp, Augean,Lgerdem,ain, Uri el, S E n l o u w eri st a o , rn c , b l y iali v er e i r tr u ez o , P, out of Lisinahago, Glenalvon, Li ttle , Rathmines, Wanota, Surplice, tmofmPW"hei:m° Dulcet, Fern, Sau ter Chanticleer, M 166 Chief Baron , , T te h r e ia ß . a c r o o u n p e e ss , , Honeycomb, Loadstone : St. An tonio, Sidus, f by Vulcan, out of Lodola, Era, E d ipus,o Wild &se (late Latching), Es?edarius, Ann, Brennus, Baroness, Tell's, Vatican, Van Dieman, Hotspur, Collingwood, Raby, Roland, Vanguard, The Tartar, Luxor, Kiss away, St. George, Greenwich, Theodore r , Idook, Backb i t er, D ue de Brabant, Quinine, Clarissa,l he Knout, Gri e f, Ch antrey, Vesta, Harriott, Emma by Gladiator, dam by Pantaloon, 3 yrs, Diana, Dough, Horn of Chase, Broth, r to Dough, Strychnine, and c by Gladiator out of Lily, 4 yrs. " THE WILMINGTON s. " —The new story, by the author of " Emilia Wyndham," just published, under the title of " The Wiluaingtons," is one of those graphic expositions of human life for which this gifted writer has obtained such celebrity. It is a tale of high principle, filial devotion being contrasted with that selfishness, in the pursuit of wealth, which is so often found devclGping itself at the expense of every natural sympathy. The characters of a father and a son thus finely contrasted ale introduced in one of the most touching narratives that have issued from the press for many years. A great success is likely to attend this re'utilisable production, which will add to the well•earned fame of the author of " Two Old Men's Tales" and Eulilia Wyndham."—Evening Paper. FORENSIC ELOQUENCE IN AmEnica.---The following "burst of elcqui nee" was delivered before a court of justice in Pennsylvania:—" Your Honour sits high on the adorable seat of justice, like the Asiatic rock of Gibraltar, while the eternal streams of justice, like the cadaverous clouds of the valley, flow meandering at our toot."