MONEY COMMERCIAL NEW CITY. QUARTER TO THREE. The sales of Cotton at Liverpool yesterday were estimated at ebaut 8,000 bales, 4,000 of which were taken on 7n:cilia:ion. were stead. Fsidea's (leo a t'uo Sheri) Not much has 1,, , n done grain to• day, and pti:na are the same as ou Monday. We have a letter from Messrs. M'Neir, Greenhow, and Irving, of Manchester, upon the subjset of the textile market, in which they state Exactly twelve months ago we represented the transac.ions of the closing month as having been almost unprecedented in extent, considering the season of the year, and to day we are happy to have it in our power to communicate a pretty similar statement with regard to the present month, repeating what we have often reminkcd, that December in ordinary yt ars is generally marked by dulness and inactivity. The position of the Mal ket, as indicated is our last circular, continued, for about ten days afterwards, gradually Requiring greater force and f d epression, and ac com p an i e d w i th a decline in the value o many descriptions of cloth and twist. At that period, from a very prevalent belief that the comm , tic( meat of the new 3 ear would be characterised by improvement, an active and vigorous demand for export and the home trade ensued, which has, notwithstaeding the interruption of the heliday season, continued up to the present. time, rendering the stocks of all kinds of light goods, as well as of some numbers of mule twist, exceedingly light, and placing many manufacturers and spinners under contract for some time hence." The Bankers' illogazike for January reviews with accuracy the monetary affairs of the past ar, and as the summing up will give an idea of the future and collect into a compact form the opinions we have ourselves given from day to day, we subjoin extracts:— "On the whole, the year has been a quiet one. Our merchants and capitalists have been indisposed to enter into any extensive speculations, and there has consequently been an absence of excitement, the commercial world seeming slispesed to remain quiescent for a time, and strengthen itself after its severe losses in 1847 and 1848, before entering upon any fresh extensive enter prises. Such an era appears to be an inevitable accompaniment to those of speculation and panic which precede it ; and if we are to judge by our experience of former years, it is the precursor of another season ef prosperity and commercial excitement, such as is invariably created by an accumulation of bullion in the Bank of England, and a low rate of interest for money. The chief points of interest in the monetary history of 1849 are those relating to the public funds ; the rate of discount ; the Bank of England; the currency; railways; ar.d the general condition of trade. " Consols fluctuated last year between the quotations of 88i and 96i ex dividend, or 98i with the forthcoming dividend. They opened on the Ist of January, 1849, at 88, and reached the highest quotations we have named on the 18th December, 1849. Between these two prices, there have been various fluctuations, which we have noticed monthly as they occurred; but the rise has been gradual throughout the year, although it was not until the approach of the November ' account day, ' that any decided and continuous improvement became evident. The apprehensions of disturbances abroad made speculators cautious of going on very far with their operations ; hut the vast accumulation of bullion in the Bank, and the reduction of the minimum rate to per cent. by the directors, gave art impetus to the rise, which has cons tinned ever since. The following quotations of the price of Consols for the opening in January of the past two years, and the present time, shows the gradual improvement which has taken :place since the panic of 1847.' Consols for the opening in January, 1848, 85k; Consols for the opening in January, 1849, 89; Consols for the opening its January, 1850, 96k. " A comparison of the returns shows some decided changes in the condition of the Bank of England. The bullion has increased upwards of two millions during the year, and upwards of six millions and a half as compared with 1848. The reserve,' or available funds of the Bauk,has increased ins much greater proportion ; while the Bank profits, as shown by the state of the rest,' have evidently much diminished —allowing for the bonus which has been given to the proprietors. The most satisfactory item in the returns, to many persons, will be that of the public deposits.' It will be seen that the Chancellor of the Exchequer has upwards of a million and a halt sterling more at his credit now than in 1848, and nearly two millions more than in 1847. Ihese are facts that must exercise a considerable influence on the money market, and are highly satisfactory. " The issues of the Bank of England, of the private and joint-stock banks in England and Wales, and of Scotch banks, remain without any material alteration, while the circulation of the Irish banks has continued to diminish, showing the extreme depression which has prevailed in every branch of trade in Ireland fur a long time past. The fixed issues of the Irish and Scotch banks and the English joint-stock banks remain unchanged; but the English private banks have had their total fixed issue reduced 17,0651. by the failure of two small banks, and the ceasing of another to issue its own notes. The real reduction in the nominal amount of fixed issue is, however, much larger, as several banks continue to make returns in the London Gazette of their notes remaining in the hands of the public, although such banks have really ceased to issue." The Funds have been rather fluctuating on account of the small minority in which the French Ministry finds itself, but the detailed advice, received by the second delivery, show that there is no fear of an expedition against Buenos Ayres. Consols have been 96i and are now 96k The New Three-and-a-Quarter per Cents. have been 97 and the Three per Cents. 96k to 96k. Bank Stock is steady at 203. Exchequer-bills have been 58s. to 615. and India Bonds 88s. premium. In the Foreign Market, there have been a few bargains in Portuguese Four per Cents. at tot 59 . to in Spanish Three per Cents. at 37, in Peruvian at 59i, and in Buenos Ayres at 46k to 47. Brazilian small bonds have been 88. Venezuela are 28i. Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents. are 88, and Dutch Ta o : and-a-Half per Cents. 551. Mexican are nominally 28i to 29. Railway Shares have been rather duller, and have not supported the extreme prices of yesterday. Midland keep up tolerably well, Caledonian are steady, and North-Western and Great Western maintain fair values. Norfolk have been lower, and also North Stafford. South-Eastern are better, and York and North Midland a shade higher. On the whole, although the market is not quite so lively as yesterday, it has certainly an im. proved tone compared with Monday. BRITISH FUNDS rills DAT AT ONE O'CLOCK. (From the Official List.) Bank Stock 203 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities New 3 1 4 per Cent. Anis. 9 7 3 / 43a Long Annuities, Exp. Jan. sth, 1860 8 946 84 India Stock Do. Bonds, 1000/ BB p Ditto under 1.000/ Consols for Account Exchequer Bills. March. June. 1,069/. 500/. ... 68 61 Small 61 p PRICE OF FOREIGN FUNDS AT ONE O'CLOCK. Brazilian Bonds, 5 per Cent Ditto, Small Buenos Ayres Bonds, 6 per Cent 47 46tA, Dan:sh Bonds 1825, ilperCent 7 3 1 /1 Guatemala Bonds 26% Peruvian Bonds, 4 per Cent 59 j 59 Portuguese Bonds, 5 per Cent Ditto 4 per Cent. Ditto for the Account . Spanish Bonds, 5 per Cent,1840 Spanish Bonds, 3 per Cent...— 37 Venezuela Bonds .. Dividends on the above payable in London. Belgian 4 1 / 2 per Cent. Dutch her Cent., 12 Guild 55 Ditto 4 ner Cent. Certificates 1 111111IICESS DONE RAILWAY SHARES AT ONI O'CLOCK RAILWAY.. I'AID. SIAM Gordoen - Ditto, Preference Bl - Arnttr., Notting., Bostou,&c. - .... •to - ky rshire and Galloway - - Belfast and County Down .. 28 .. .. - 3erks and Rants Extension (Gt. West. Perpet. 5 per ct.) 6 - ... to - iitirmingnam k Oxford J unct., calls duly pd, or with guar. 20 - to - Do., with ou t a guarantee... 20 ... - to - Birmingham,Wol.,& Dudley, calls duly pd, or with guar. 10 ..... - - without a guarantee-. 10 - .. ... te - Lut ing., Wol & Stour Val - !ad, Lan " cashire, and. - Junction Bristol And Exeter Do., Thirds ...... ....... - - - ..... to - Buckinghamshire to Caledonian ..". ...................... 1 5 7 0 54 . 1 - 0% 1 4 3 / 4 to - - Ditto. New 10/. Preference 10 ...... - ‘Lbitto. Clydesdale Junction 50 - and H01 yhead......... 50 ..... to ciDarietntoc,j. reference ........... 15 - Do., ........ 781 ..... - - 6 per Cent... 10 D0.,2d - . ... to - Do., GOT. Loan,A)per Cent. 10 Per Cent... 10 - .... t to o _- Direct London 8, Dublin and Belfast uth 55 4 - .. to - Dundalk and Enni skilfeV l- 40 East Anglia, 251. L. & 30 ...... - anti L. & D Ditto, 18/, E. & II 25 - ..... to - p. Ct. p rof.'Pf. 3 1 , - ...... to - Do, 31. las., 6 Do, 71.17 c, 7 per Ct. Prof. 2 ) 1 - Eastern Counties ..... ........ 2 0 -- - Do. New Guarant. 6par et. 10 IP to o Per Do. Exten., 5 per ct.N o. 1,6/. 13e. 4. - Do., d 0....... ......... N 0.2,6/. 13s. 4d. - .. Do., Northern & Ea s tern... 50 ...... to p ... 50 ..... - Do., 5 pe r con t. Ditto, New Clam A (late •••• •• • to ..... Eastern Union, ..... E. U. Shares) 25 Ditto, ditto, Cl ass A, ditto 6 . to Ditto, do, Class B & C.....• 25 Ditto Scrip (g ua . 6 per ct.) 20 .. .. to --- to East Lan cas hi re ... 25 Ditto, New ... .......... .... . 25 Do., N ew Quarters ......... 6 4 — to Do., 6 per Cent. Preference Quarter 5hare5........... 6=4 ...... East Li nc0 1 n5h ire........... .... 25 Edinburgh and Glasgow ..... 50 . to to Ditto, Half Sh ares ......... 25 • to Edinburgh and Northern 25 Ditto, New port.. ...... to Exeter, Yeovil, & Dorcheger 2% Exeter and Exm0uth........ 21s. to Dumfries, & Carliale..Bl. 6 5.8 d... ...... to Glasgow, Kilmarnock, & Ayr 50 to Do. Preference Consolidated ...... GGlcauceater and Dean Forest.. 11 reat Northern.... ............. 20 ... to —, Do. A Deferrad ..... 12 14 Do. B 6 per Cent. ...... 744 44.-- to Do., per Cent. Pref. '.t. i;A , uti,.& We*t. (Ireland) 50 .=rcat North of England 100 230 ..... to 40/........ .. .. 49 --...... to L' ~ l'ilferenfial, 5 Ct., (0 ~., ..,.. to Diiio,-1it. , .) .. Londs.:. GI ,enwich.•. 12/..155. 4d ...... to Ditto Preterei:ce Lund,. & North We5.1arn.....100 - to 110 _io. New Quarters.. Do. Fifths 7 - to 40e. Shares:— 1,. & 35 J. `WI. - Do. 13/. M. and B. (C.) 1 Lo.idon and s. Western...—. 103 ' , itto,,New 501. Ditto, w 101 N Scrip, 1848, Fret 7 per Cent ...... to Londonderry and Coleraine... 25 Do. Half Shares LoncioLc:erry and Enniskillen 25 Half Shares 5 ,vest( If, guar. 4 ler et Ditto (guar. 6 per cent.... 13 Puxton, & Matlock 5 Malicia, Shetbeld, and Line.100 Ditto Shares ( No. 1) ... 25 Ditto, ditto (No. 2) Ditto. Shares (No. 3)... 12%...... Do., New 10/. Preference.. 10 ... 7%% to Ditto, Grimsby & Sheffield 50 Ditto, ditto. ...... 20 Ditto, ditto Ditto Sheffield and Line. 25 ...... Ditto, Grime by Dock Ditto, Man. & Lin. Union 41. 25.... Ditto, ditto .... Ditto, 30/ 3O Ditto, New 151...... ... ...... 15 ...... . 100 58 Ditto, Half Shares Ditto, Quarter Shares Ditto, Fifths 2O Do. New 171 ... 7 ..... to -lull and Selby Ditto. Half Shares .. ...... 25 Ditto. Quarter Shares 12% — ...... to .ancaster and Carlisle-- ... 50 D0., Thirds ancashire and Yorkshire 100 Ditto, ditto Ditto Half Shares .... 49 ...... -- Ditto Quarters 23% — to Dittt Fifths Ditto.Thir.la...... . Do., New Guar. 6 per cent. 10 Do. (Hodder*. and Shoff.) 50 - Do., West Riding Union.- 10 .... . Do., Preston and Wyre ... 25 Do., do., Half Shares (A) 10 Leeds and Bradford 5050 ..... .-- ...... to Leeds and Thirak- ..... to L , 0., do., Prefer., 6 per Cent. 3%. .... Ditto, ditto... Ditto, ditto ..... ... No. 3 5 Do. Pref. Quarters, 1848... 9 Liverpool,Crosby, and Southport London & 81ackwa11......111. 6s. 3d — ...... to -- L od- Bright_ & South Coastloo Do., New 51., gua. 6 pr Ct.loo D. Guaranteed sper Cent. 9 ... to Mid1and........ .... ........ -.100 ... 44% 45 44 to 44% Ditto, Consol. Preference...loo Ditto, 50/. Shares ..... ...... 30 Midland, Birm., and Derby...loo ... Midland, Consul. 13ristei and Birmingham, 6 per cent.... 100 124%. ..... to ilidland, Bristol and Glouc. 42 Ditto ditto 221.75. ... .. Ditto,ErewashVal., Pref... 50 Midland, Leices. and Swana ington (8 per ct.gua.)....100 . Midld. Great Western (Irish) 47% — to Middlesbro' and Redcar. 6 per cent. guar..... ... 50 Newcastie and Carlisle lOO .... - Ditto Quarter Shares . .... 25 ..... .. Newmarket Ditto Extension Scrip... 21. 1 2s — Newport Abergy., and Here. 6 Newry and Enniskillen ...... to Newry, Warrenpoint, and Rostrevor .... 20 Norfolk Ditto New '2Ol. Ditto Guaranteed 5 per 20 Do. Do. 5% per cent Do. do. Waveney Valley.. 2 •:orthern Counties Union ... 4 N'orth British .. .. ... 25 ..... to --. Ditto Half Shares. ..... ..... 12% - Do. Quarters Ditto Thirds ..... Si g Ditto, Preference North Starlordshire... .. ...... 17% t° North Wales 3 1 ,4 ...•. • to -- North Western 13% to xford, Worce s t er , an d Wolverhampton - iteading,Guildtd.,& Reigate 15 Koyston and Hitchin ..... .. ... 4% to scottish Central cottish Midland ....... Ditto, New 22% ...... Shrewsbury and Birmingham 12 4i .., .• to Ditto, ditto, Class B. 3 Ditto, New Guaranteed 8 -hrewt•bury and Hereford .. ihrewsbury and Chester Nor. . Alin.) Ditto Halves, Ditto 9 ... .. ...... to Ditto, Uswestry lB% — .... to Ditto (New)... - Ditto per Cent. Pref....-. 10 - hropshire Uni0n...,... 6%... .. • ouch Devon ... 5O ...... . to Dill°, rrelere..... ...... .. ... South Staffordshire. 3% 5 14.. to South Eastern: 3B I A IBX to 19U Ditto, No. 2. Ditto, No. 3. 3O Ditto, Registered No. 4.... 10 Ditto, Scrip No. 4.. south Wales South Yorkshire, Doncaster and Goole - e fli e 1 d , Rotherham, and Goole (N .D) Gua. 5 per ct. 16 1 % ...... ... - to Do. do. (South Div.) 5 - 'vans. and Loughor and Cameron's Still. Coal ..... . 7 taw Vale Extension ........ 8 - flames Haven Dock and Railway 1 7 1% - - Vale of Neath Waterford and Kilkenny 2O ...... - - Waterford and Limerick.... 47%..... - Waterford, Wexford,Wieklw, And Dublin - • to - Wear Valley 6 per Cent. Guaranteed - - Do. do. do. - Do. do. do. ..... . . 15 .... - - West Cornwall 6 - - Whitebaven and Furness lB .... - ...„ to - Windsor, Staines, and South Western l4 - .0 to Wilts,Somerset,&Weymouth 45 - fork, Newcastle, and Berwick 25 - Do. and Newcastle Exten. 20 ..... 11% 1 7 k - Do. G. N. E. Pur. or Pref. Do.llartlepool Dk. & Rly. 100 - to - York anu North:Midland .. 50 - to 15 Ditto, Preference lO - to - FOREIGN RAILWATS. Anglo Italian (late Italian and Austrian) 5 l /2 - to - Boulogne and:Amiens 2O „ ... 7 1 4. to - Central of France (Orleans and Vierzon) ......... ...„. 20 - Demerara. ..........- ........... 17 1 4. - --.-. t o - Dutch Rhenish - East Indian 20 t 314 :: . --- -..- too - - - Ditto tireat Indian Peninsular 6 ...... to - Do. Do lOB. - ...... to - ouvain la Sambre ...,..... 7 1 / 2 - ...... to - Luxembourg - ......gto - Ditto - - Madrid and Valentia - . ... to - Namur and Liege 2O -..- ...... to - Northern of France.... 14/ Bs.. ... I% dis... to - Orleans and Bordeaux ... .. 7 ... .. - Paris and Orleans.... 2O - ...... to -- Paris and Rouen 2O - to - Paris & Strasbourg ..... -... 12 - .. ... to .- Rouen and Havre 3ambre and Meuse - m.rasburg and Bale ..... ...... 14 - to - ['ours & Nantes ... .. ...... .. 13 - ...... to - rournay, Jurbise, Louden, and Hassell . ...... ...... .. 20 - ....... to - West Flanders B% - to JOINT STOCK BANK 6. Australasia - British North American .... 50 - - Colonial - . .. to - Commercial of London 2O ...... - ...... to London Joint Stock ...- lO London and Westminster... 20 - to - National Provincial of Engld. 35 - to - Ditto, New - National of Ireland ...... ...... 22%„„. - • .. to -- Provincial of Ireland ... 25 - ...... to - Ditto, New - ..... to Union of Australia 25 - - Ditto, New .. 2% - to - Union of London .. 10 - to - Union of Madrid 4O - ...... to -- JONES. Anglo /lexicon lOO - ...... tO .... Asturian ........ Australian 4 - to Barrossa Range - Blitenarynn Iron and Coal ... 50 Bolanos Scrip - - to -- British Iron - - Brazilian Imperial ..... .. ... 241..„.. - Ditto Cocaes and Cuiaba... 30 Ditto St. John Del Rey ... 15 . 11%•••.. to Cobre Copper Generalto Real del Monte, Unregistered .•• to Do. Black Debentures — Do. Red Debentures ..... Santiago de Cuba ....•... United Mexican COURSE OF Amster. 12 2 % Ditto, at sight 12 Rotterdam 12 2% Antwerp.. 25 75 amburgh ..... • 13 12% 3 dayesight .... 25 50 bitte, months 25 70 ••• • 25 70 25 70 Frankfort on 122 k Peter sbnrgh, 37 l'erlia V ienna, effee • 11 24 Trieste, ditto.... 11 26 madt Id • • • Cadiz Barcelona Se7tlle.. • •.. •~• •• • • EXUHANGE. Gibraltar" .......... Leghorn 11 31 40 Milan .. -- Venice" Naples •• •• 40% Palermo, perm. 121 Messina 121% Lisbon•• .• 63% 0p0rt0."... •• •• 53 4 Rio Janeiro ...... Buenos Ayres ••.. • • New York, 21 days i sight Philadelphia .... • • .... OP BI7LLION, PSI OS. Foreign Gold labors.. 43 17 9 Portugal Gold Coin .. 0 0 0 !Spanish Doubloons .. 0 0 0 New Dollars 0 4 10 1 ,E Silver fa bar... .. 0 4 10; PARIS AND ROUEN ItAILWAY.—It is proposed, at the next meeting of the proprietors, to introduce modifi-0 itions in the statutes relative to the regulations of the siuking fund. MAGAZINES, &c.—(CONTINUED.) BENTLEY'S iILISCELLANY. The new ear's number of Bentley opens with five fresh chapters of .I\ilr. Itob;q1 Bede:, excellent, racy, and thercu7hly E glesi2 eery, " v h of GA." As a describer of ti excellences of ilir. Robert Bell have been long - .own opp:related: In his " Wayside Pictures" he has shown himself the Gaspar of the pen, and the following extinct frotn The Ladder of Gold," shows that he can also rival the Dutch painters in their own peculiar excellences. It is a perfect cabinet picture 1-- " Mrs. McStiurl was remarkably small in stature, quick and terse of speech, with a sharp Scotch accent, painfully neat iu her household, and perfect mistress of the secrets of domestic economy, which appeared to constitute the principal business of her life. Her cottage stood in its own garden, through which a gravelwalk, closely boxed at each side, and buttoned up at top and bottom with vases of stone crop, that drooped out over the edges in the same pattern, as if they bed grown to order, went straight from the little gate to the door. You could see, in a moment, that a careful hand presided over the place. Trees were dropped exactly opposite to each other; every shrub on the left had its counterpart on the right; the door-step was as white as a cambric handkerchief; the creepers on the front of the house betrayed no vagrant luxuriance, every tendril clung close to the wall, and was nailed accurately to the very tip, so that not a solitary bud escaped into the air; and the interior was a model of precision, from the hell mat, that looked so dry and crisp, to the little dimity curtains in the attic window, that pierc,d the centre of the blue slates, and had as prim an aspect as if they were starched to the glass. Even in the winter-lime, notwithstanding the snow which mottled the ground, Bermuda Cottage, for such it was called, bud a gay and bright exterior." There are two illustrations to the " Ladder of Gold" this month. The " Note Book of a Coroner's Clerk" is continued, and is as full of power as ever. Sylvanus gives us much amusing gossip on sport and sporting men in his " Bye Lanes and Downs of England ;" and Alfred Crowquill some gossip quite as amusing about the City of London. He has also contributed three beautiful lyrics, one of which " The Snap Dragon's Song" will, we opine, be the regular carol to be sung in every household on the introduction of snap dragon, during the present and every future Christmas. " The Big Bear of Arkansas" is an admirable American drollery by T. B. Thorpe, of Louisiana, and is extracted from " The Library of American Humorous Writers." We hope the editor of Bentley will ever and anon favour us with more extracts from this most amusing library. The present number of Bentley contains a variety of other excellent papers, and is as amusing a fireside companion as any one could desire. ELIZA COOKS JOURNAL. Having advanced into a second volume, the fair editress of this popular publication evinces yet more and more her capacity to cater to the literary appetites of the multitude, and in doing so she consults invariably their improvement as well as their happiness. Her contributors have manifestly imbibed from her genius that genial and elevating spirit which directs its every energy to the assuagement of the spasms of prejudice and the dissipation of the blindness of ignorance. Almost every article in the two last numbers published, Numbers VII. and VIII., for November and December, is marked by that twofold aspiration. The pervading merit of the Journal is that of intelligence, its most conspicuous charm that of a bewitching and ameliorative benevolence. Prose and poetry, tale and essay, serial and paragraph, are all alike characterized by a desire to better the heart as well as to develope the intellect of the reader. The cause of the whole periodical is the cause of social advancement. The text upon which it enlarges hebdomadally is comprised in a single word—humanity. It is that which peculiarly imparts to Eliza Cook's Journal its easily recognised and universally understood attraction. Seven or eight lyrical effusions from the hand of Eliza Cook herself are all invested with this pre-eminent excellence. Their chiming stanzas cannot be perused without that exquisite sensai lion, half physical, half intellectual, which is the inevitable delight resulting from sounds "most musical." Her hand in touching the chord of her lyre causes one or other of the chords of our heart to vibrate with it in unison—as the resonance of any particular note of the human voice in a room where there is a harp, a piano, or any stringed instrument, causes the corresponding wire of that instrument to thrill with a sympathetic vibration. So with the authoress of " Melaia," and the editress of this popular Journalher voice can wake an answer in any heart not ossified by selfishness. And her recent efforts as a songstress have in one or two instances fully equalled any of her earlier ventures into the aerial realms of imagination. This circumstance of itself would be sufficient to secure the popularity of the publication now under review, even it it chanced to be otherwise undeserving of public patronage. Such, however, is assuredly not the case with Eliza Cook's Journal a miscellany conducted with an seamy commensurate, in a great measuir, with the entrepreneur's reputation. Aware that in similar melange's of literature the principal advantage is that of an agreeable variety, the contents of the weekly magazine before us are blended with an eye to contrast and piquancy ; from which attention to the general arrangement it happens that, while resembling each other in intention, every number differs from its predecessor in having some peculiar and distinguishing characteristic. The last part issued for the month of December is, perhaps, of all the eight yet published, the gentlest, wisest, best. As a propitious augury, then, we regard it—an augury promising good fortune to the periodical—and with this conviction we close our allusions to the journal, wishing Eliza Cook a happy new year for herself and a God-speed for her enterprise. THE LIFE AND EPISTLES OF ST. PAUL By the Rev. Messrs. Conybeare and Howson. Part I. A novel and beautiful idea is here being carried out under the joint superintendence of ,the gentlemen above. mentioned. With the assistance of the geographic knowledge of the latter, the biblical scholarship of the former, and the general intelligence of both combined, we shall have acquired, on the completion of the present serial, an ample biography of perhaps the greatest and noblest man that ever trod the globe. The romantic history, the extraordinary vicissitudes, the miraculous conversion, the burning and matchless eloquence of Saul of Tarsus, will invest his memory, even when viewing him in his merely human and uninspired capacity, with a glory of peculiar and absorbing fascination. Hence, for a multitude of reasons, it will be with particular interest that we shall watch the development of a design so elevated and bewitching as the one here commenced. This being only the initial number, the text is, of course, little more than purely introductory ; and the opening engravings are restricted to a representation of Damascus, another of Ephesus, and a vignette illustrative of Tarsus. With the aid of the brilliant and truthful pencil of W. H. Bartlett, the work cannot fail to be superbly embellished throughout. THE NAUTICAL MAGAZINE. In the current number of this useful and favourite organ of the naval profession- will be found, as usual, a variety of contributions of indisputable value and excellence. Prom its pages we extract the following interesting announcement : ' PERPETUAL LOG FOR SHIPS. "Another valuable contribution to a ship's furniture has been matte by the Rev. E. Berthoun of Fareham, in the shape of a perpetual log, which is likely to become not only a favourite, but will hereafter be considered almost an essential to her safety. Ws propose in an early number to describe it, at present it being before the Royal Society. Unlike Massey's or Walker's it has no machinery to get out of order, or require repair, and being (with the exception of about three inches) all inside of tb a ship, is free from any external accident. It consists of a small tube in which the pressure of the water occasioned by the way of the ship, acting on a column of mercury, indicates the velocity of sailing. The index, which very much resembles in size and appearance a common thermometer, may be fitted to hang in the captain's cabin, or in any other part of the ship, being at once ornamental and useful. We understand it is being at present fitted in 11. M. S. Dauntless, and we fully anticipate every ship afloat being hereafter supplied with it. It not only indicates the velocity, but also the lee-way should the vessel be sailing by the wind; and is highly creditable both to the judgment and good taste of the inventor." Other papers will be found in the number for January of the Nautical Magazine eminently deserving perusal. ALISON'S HISTORY OF EUROPE. Illus trated Edition. Vol. X. Another volume of this library edition brings the narrative down to a period fraught with a solemn and affecting interest—almobt every incident recounted by the annaliat containing in truth a dismal presage of the imperial disasters. Appropriately enough the volume which reveals the Emperor in his loftiest pomp and most gigantic dominion is embellished with a portrait of the great captain, copied from a bust in the possession of the historian. Unfortunately, however, the likeness is the least felicitous of any yet published in this illustrated edition, conveying in no respect an adequate notion of the beauty and majesty combined in the classic features of Napoleon. It is the least fortunate engraving amongst those forming a gallery of portraits to Alison, and,is the mare to be regretted seeing that there are so many glorious paintings from which a more grateful and more agreeable representation of the Emperor Napoleon might have been given without difficulty. Th ,e noble Atlas, by Alexander Keith Johnstone, brings thft series of maps and charts down to the ever emorable victories gained by the " Little Corporal" Lutzen And Bautzen. The circumstance calls at once to our recollection the account given:oy: Alison of the death of Duroc on the latter occasion, .oue of the most touching and beautifully descriptive p.:ssages in the language. It was at that particular epoch thgt the inext - in.uttihle rotonrccs ci the genius Emperor Nap:de.on ban to be re.vJaled in a more remarkz,b!e [claimer than tiny anterior porti,.,n of his extraordinary career, :.Ind hence it is that the naiva - Live now in course of republication—a narrative at all times clothed, as it were, with an atmosphere of fascination—assumes again, - as on the first perusal, is supreme and enthralling interest. THE COLONIAL MAGAZINE. Never possibly before has the condition of our colonial possessions occupied more profoundly the attention of the reflective than at this particular epoch, when the chances of their final separation from the mother country appear to present themselves to the imagination in the discontent pervading the inhabitants of the Canadas. Among the numerous periodicals, therefore, which appear monthly, not one is more provocative of curiosity than the one whose name is prefixed to the present paragraph. In its pages invariably appear contributions of unusual importance, among which, this month, we would particularly direct attention to those relating to the Convict question, and:the Canterbury Association. Others referring to the " Anglo Indian Army" and the " African Squadron" are entitled to every consideration THE ALARM OF "HIGH TIDES" IN FRANCE.— The alarmists have not been confiLed to England. The French papers show that at Brest, Cherbourg, Havre-de- Grace, and Rouen, the same apprehensions were felt, and every precaution taken by the local authorities against the menaced deluge. Hitherto nothing of the kind has occurred. At Havre, it is true that the tides of Thursday last Were extremely high, but on Friday the wind abated, and the three following " floods" presented a striking diminution in height. At Dunkirk the tide of Thursday, seconded by a violent north-west wind, rose within a toot of the quays, but no disasters are recorded. THE JEWS IN Russra.. ST. PETERSBURGH, DEC. 15.—The Imperial ukase of 1845, commanding that by the let of January, 1850, every Israelite of the empire shell be prohibited from appearing in the Jewish costume, and shall adopt either the Russian or French costume, under pain of an annual fine, varying from three to thirty roubles, has now been carried into full execution. The Russian Jews no longer appear in their own costume. THE CRADLE J'OR HER MAJESTY.—We have seen with much pleasure the progress of this imp ,rtant specimen of the art of wood-carving, and augur most favourably of the effect the hole will produce in a state of completion. The sides, which are finished, are carved in the choicest box, the difficulty of procuring which wood has been one of the causes for the delay attending the work. In the upper portion are friezes in relief, having an alternate introduction of roses and poppies, designed and executed with the purest feeling of Italian taste. Beneath them is a bold torus moulding with pinks, inserted in fluted hollows. The two ends remain to be produced, and to them the utmost delicacy of finish will be imparted. The interiors of the rockers are ornamented with foliated dolphins, and even the flat edges of the foot and head are elaborately carved into scroll. work. It is a great satisfaction to all who feel interested in this (until recently) neglected art, that her Majesty has given the commission for so splendid an example of it; and we feel assured that, when completed, it will reflect high credit on the artist, Mr. Rogers, and add greatly to the fame ho has already established.—Art Journal. BOTTLING OF WINE.—The secret of bottling wine with success consists in the simple exercise of care and cleanliness. The bottles should be all sound, clean, arid dry, and perfectly free from the least mustin« as, or other odour. The corks should be of the best quality, and immediately before being placed in the bottles should be compressed by means of a " cork-squeezer." For superior or very delicate wines the corks are usually prepared by placing them in a tub or copper, covering them with weights to lc.:ep them down, and then pouring over them boiling water, holding a little pearl-ash in solution. In this state they are allowed to remain for 24 hours, when they are drained and re-immersed for a second 24 hours in hot water, after which they are well washed and soaked in several successive portions of clean rain water, drained, dried out of contact with dust, put in paper bags, and hung up in a dry place for use. The wine should be clear and brilliant, and if it be not so, it must undergo the process of " fining" before being bottled. In fact, it is a common practice with some persons to perform this operation whether the wino requires it or not; as, if it has been mixed and doctored, " it amalgamates and ameliorates the various flavours." The bottles, corks, and wine being ready, a fine clear day should be preferably chosen for bottling, and the utmost cleanliness and care should be observed during the process. Great caution should also be observed to avoid shaking the cask, so as to disturb the bottoms. The remaining portion, that cannot be drawn off clear, should be passed through the " wine-bag," and when bottled should be set apart as inferior to the rest. The coopers, .to prevent breakage and loss, place each bottle, before corking it, in a small bucket having a bottom made Ink thus seldom break a bottle nine is all bottled, it is stored in s. cool cellar, and on no account on the bottles' bottoms, orin dpinp straw, but on their sides, in sweet dry sawdust or sand. CULTIVATION or HEMP.—(From a Correspondent.) —Hemp has been cultivated in the counties of Lincoln and Suffolk from time immemorial, but chiefly for the purpose of local manufacture; and although it has been very little attended to in Ireland, some experiments made this year by the Royal Flax Improvement Society to grow this plant in the south turned out very well. In county Limerick some stalks attained the height of seven feet. Hemp may be cultivated on the western coast of Ireland, where it would be of great use as affording material for the nets, lines, and cordage of the fishermen, who are generally destitute of these necessary articles. It might be grown by themselves, and scutched, spun, and twisted, or netted by their wives and daughters. The quantity of this article imported annually into Great Britain and Ireland is about 45,000 tcns, valued at 1,600,0001. About 1,000,000 . sterling of this comes from Russia. In entering upon the cultivation of hemp, the first thing to be attended to is the selection of proper soil. The beat suited for hemp is a deep black vegetable mould, with a low situation and inclined to place i n n preparation p fl a a r x. tion Thea and proper the pl se s moisture; it doe s we ll on a rich clayey loam, and old meadow land is w e ll adapted for it. The mode of tfhore sowing rotati is onaArepr th i e l, same e o soon s as there is no danger of the young plants receiving injury from the frosts. The seed is sown broadcast, from two to three bushels to the statute acre, according to the quality of the land. The quality of the seed must be fresh, heavy, and bright in colour. Hemp is one of the few plants employed in the agriculture of these countries in which the male and female flowers are in different plants, which circumstance has some influence in its manags ment so far as taking it off the ground is concerned. When the crop is grown entirely for the fibre it is Pulled when in flower, and no distinction made between the male and female plants. But, as is most commonly the case, when it is cultivated with a view both to fibre and seed, the usual practice is to pull the male pla its, the stalks of which are easily known by their yellow tsh hue and faded flowers, as soon as the setting of the seed in the females shows that their presence is no longer necessary. The reason for thus pulling the male so long before the female is, that the latter requires four or five weeks to ripen the seeds. The operation of pulling the females commences when the seed is ripe, which is known by the brownish hue of the capsules and the fading of the leaves. The after treatment, such as steeping, &c., is the same as flax. THE BRITISH ARMY IN INDIA.—In onsequence of a general order issued to the troops in India the following changes have taken place:—The 12d Regiment of Foot, under the command of Lieutenant- Colonel S. B. Boileau, and the Ist battalion of the 60th King's Royal Rifle corps, under the command of Colonel the Hon. H. Dundee, K.C.8., have moved from the Bombay to the Bengal presidency, where they are now stationed. The 78th Highlanders, the Ross-shire Buffs, are at Aden and Bombay, the head quarters being under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel R. N. Douglas. The 59th Foot, under the commard of Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur H. Trevor, a brave Waterloo officer, are now in China; and the 95th Regiment of Foot, under the command of Colonel James Campbell, have embarked at China and are now on their way home to England. The 95th went abroad in October, 1838. CAMBRIDGE, Dxc. 31, 1849.--HULSEAN PRIZE The above mentioned prize, left for the best dissertation in the English language on the Evidences in general, or on the Prophecies or Miracles in particular, has been this day adjudged to Samuel Tomkins, of St. Catharine'shall. Subject—. The Influence of the Jewish and Christian Revelations on Pagan Writings." THE WESTERN FREE-SCIIOOL.—The anniversary ball in support of the funds of this excellent institution takes place to-morrow evening at Willis's Rooms, when a large and fashionable attendance is expected. The object of the charity is to provide education for the children of indigent Jews residing at the west cud of the metropolis; and although, comparatively speaking, it is a small establishment, it affords another proof of the spirit and energy the Jewish community always display in providing for the wants and welfare of its poor. Dick Tuttpix.—Died, at Collyweston, on Tuesday last, at the advanced age of ninety-two, Mrr. Elizabeth Freeman, relict of Mr. Francis Freeman, butcher and publican. In the time of the celebrated Dick Turpin she had the office of taking a quart of ale to him at the door of the Bull and Swan Inn, St. Martin's, Stamford; he heartily drank off the ale, and, putting the silver tankard in his pocket, galloped off on his favourite mare Black Bess, to the wonder and vexation of the landlord, Mr. Turtle. On her marriage with Mr. Freeman, she became landlady of the White Swan Inn, Collyweston, where she resided upwards of fifty-five years.—Lincolnshire Chronicle. GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY.--This company intend constructing warehouses at their Paddington terminus, to accommodate the traffic in corn and flour, which of late has increased considerably. DUBLIN, DUNDRUM, AND RATHFARNUAM RAIL\VAL—A meeting was held on Monday evening at the house of the Commissioners, Rathmines-road, for the purpose of ascertaining the opinion of the ratepayers as to the propriety of opposing the contemplated railway to Dundrum. A considerable time having elapsed after the appointed hour for meeting, the chair was taken by T. T. Dolan, Esq. After some irrelevant discussion the meeting was adjourned sine die. GREAT SUSPENSION-BRIDGE IN RUSSIA. Considerable interest his been excited in St. Petersburgh by a re mailable model of a uspewrionbrid7 ac;...: the river Dnicyrr, ore of ae ltl it W.,lZ.Aliibited to n o eilgioee - es avebiteeL.s. It in St. Pttersburgh, and bas been put up in one of the grand saloons of the Winter Palace, where it was formally presented to his Imperial Majesty on his fete day, the Gth (18th) of this month (December), by Mr. Vignoles, the English engineer, from wliose designs, and under hose immediate directions, this bridge is now constructing. The Dnieper is one of the largest rivers in the Russian empire, rising in the vicinity of Smolensko, and flowing in a southerly direction it enters the Black Sea, to the eastward of Odessa. In a broad geographical sense the Dnieper may be considered as the easternmost boundary between Russia Proper (or Muscovy) and the great kingdom of Poland, which once extended westward nearly to the Giant Mountains of Bohemia, southward to the Carpathians, and northward to the Biltic. The principal city entered by the Dnieper in its long course to the sea is Kieff, celebrated in history as the first spot whereon Christianity was planted among the barbarous hordes then leading a nomadic life over the steppes of Russia, is well known also as an important military frontier post, aPernately possessed by the Poles and the Muscovites, and at present rising into great importance as the capital of the south of Russia. Kieff is most picturesquely situated on the right or southern shore of the Dnieper ; it covers a great extent of space, with numerous public buildings crowning the many heights of the undulating ground on which the pity is built. The general aspect of the city is very striking, and the impression on a traveller from the western parts of Europe is that which he would expect to receive on first viewing some Asiatic capital. The commercial part of the town, called the Podol, list on a low plain at the western extremity; the rest of Kieff is elevated from:2oo to 300, and even 400 feet above the level, overlooking all the left or northern shores of the Dnieper, which are low and flat marshes, extending for many leagues above and below Kieff, and from one to two leagues wide. In the spring the whole becomes a lake, as the waters rise, and the only approach from the north to Kieff is along a causeway raised above the level of the floods. It is from the end of this causeway that the suspension bridge is thrown across the Dnieper to the foot of the steep acclivities on the right bank. The river, which, for several leagues above, has spread through numerous lateral channels, here unites into one deep bed, and presents the narrowest passage. This passage is, however, still half an English mile in breadth, the depth of the water in a dry autumn being upwards of 30 feet in the streamway, and sometimes more than 50 feet after the melting of the snows in the spring. Over this chasm, which once formed the barrier for Poland against the invasions of the Muscovites, the necessity of internal commdnication and the general march of improvement has called for the erection of a permanent bridge, and with enlightened policy the Emperor of Russia has ordered such a bridge to be constructed. The soil of the bed of the river being wholly of sand, and the current often changing its channel, considerable difficulties presented themselves, while the tremendous breaking up of the ice after winter, followed by the melting of the snows in the more northern districts, swelled the stream to an extent scarcely comprehensible to the inhabitants of Great Britain. It became, therefore, a necessary condition that the number of piers of any bridge to be built there should be the fewest possible, with the largest openings between them. Hence it seemed most natural that, with the given limit of expense, the principle of a suspension bridge should be preferred, and the designs were so prepared accordingly, and submitted to His Imperial Majesty. On Mr. Vignoles' urgent recommendations, the use of wire ropes as the means of suspension was negatived, and the adoption of wrought iron chains with broad fiat links was decided on. Such was the system employed for the Menai and Conway Bridges in Wales, by Telford, at several places in England, and also in Hungary, at Pesth, across the Danube, by Tierney Clarke. All these bridges, however, have but one central opening. The suspension bridge at Kieff has four principal openings, each of 440 feet, and two side openings of 225 feet each, and also a passage of 50 feet on the right shore, spanned by a swivel bridge, opening for the passage of the steamboats and other river craft. There are, therefore, five suspension piers in the river, one mooring abutment on the left bank, another mooring abutment on the Kieff side of the stream (which, on account of the passage for boats beyond it, is actually an island of masonry in the river), and an abutment for the swivel bridge on the right bank. Each of these have required a coffer-dam of unusual sizeparticularly the two last mentioned. The architecture of the riveLlliMu j AiireVitli — that used in the extensive range of first-class fortresses which crown the heights of Kieff. The ways through the piers have a clear breadth of 28 feet and: a height of 35 feet to the soffit of the semicircular arches. The platf'orai ` bas" netrly 53 feet of-extreme-breadth, of which 35 feet are exclusively devoted to the carriageway ; the platform is suspended by chains, all on the same h or i zonta l p l ane , two on each side of the road ; the footpaths project beyond the chains, and are carried by cantilevers round the piers exteriorly, so that the foot passengers are completely separated from the horsemen and carriages. The chains are composed of links twelve feet long, and each weighing about four cwt.—eight links form the breadth of each chain, and the total length measured along their curves being about four English miles. For the swivel bridge the iron employed is almost exclusively malleable; the breadth of the platform is nearly fity- three feet, and the weight of iron employed scarcely exceeds 100 tons. The bridge is moved horizontally (on the same principle that locomotive engines are sent round on the large turntables at a railway station), and by the efforts of four men only, acting on a very simple apparatus. The construction of the platform of the bridge presents several novel combinations of wood and iron, and is of extreme stiffness, to resist the violent action of the eddies of air in violent winds, which have so often injured and even destroyed the ordinary platforms of suspension bridges in other places. The balustrade is remarkably light and elegant, in ornamental pannels of wrought iron. Indeed, cast iron has been carefully excluded from every part of the whole bridge, except where its use was really preferable or absolutely unavoidable. The total weight of iron used in the construction of the bridge is about 3,300 tons, including the machinery used in the various stages of its construction. The whole was made in England, several of the most celebrated ironmasters and manufacturers having been engaged upon it. It required 15 vessels to bring the iron to Odessa, whence it was taken up to Kieff in small waggons drawn by oxen, over the wild steppes, almost without roads, or none that deserve the name. The quantity of machinery of every kind employed in the construction of the Kieff bridge is most enormous, and not less than nine steam enginee are in use. Two of these are large stationary ones, each capable of working up to a power of 50 horses; the rest are from four to eight-horse power, and can be moved about as required. These engines pump water, drive piles, grind mortar, hoist timber, iron, &c., draw loads, and perform a variety of other operations, in substitution of manual labour. A temporary bridge, carrying a railway, has been thrown across the whole breadth of the Dnieper, and is connected by a self-acting inclined plane with the heights of Kieff, whence the great blocks of granite and masses of iron are sent down from the depUts above to the works on the river. The great provision of granite, bricks, timber, cement, lime, field-stones, &c., is very extraordinary, covering many acres of ground. A whole village of warehouses, offices, shops, sheds, dwelling-houses for the superintendents, and comfortable cottages for the numerous workmen have been erected on the left bank of the river, on ground expressly raised for the purpose above the flood level. A regular commissariat is attached to the establishment, and the whole organization of service is very complete. The bricks employed are very hard, and of a beautiful pale colour. Extensive quarries of granite were opened in a great many places, solely for these works, but the principal supply and the finest and largest blocks are found nearly 100 miles from Kieff, and are brought thither on bullock-carts, through a rough country, destitute of roads. Not the least remarkable part of the establishment is that for the manufacture of the hydraulic cement required for the foundations and masonry. It is, in fact, an artificial Pozzolano, made from a peculiar clay found in the Kieff hills, and prepared on the principles laid down by the celebrated French Engineer Vicat, in his recent publication. The buildings for this purpose are very extensive, being gigantic laboratories, where the operations are carried on day and night. Eight large roasting ovens, besides numerous grinding mills, are in constant action ; the quantity manufactured is upwards of 300 bushels (or about .500 cubic feet) in every 24 hours. It must be reserved for a technical publication to enter into all the engineering details of construction of the Kieff-bridge, as there can only be given here a merely general idea of the principal features of this very magnificent bridge, which will be the largest in Europe, the length being fully half an English mile, and covering an area of 100,000 square feet, being considerably more than three acres. The works were first commenced in April, 1848. The ceremony of laying the first stone took place in September of the same year. Eight large coffirdams were completed by the early part of 1849 ; two of these having been destroyed or damaged by the spring floods, have since been entirely reconstructed. The foundations of the abutments and of two of the river piers were safely got in before the winter began, and all the foundations and cofferdams have been secured by an extensive system of protecting works of mattrasse-nascines, laid down according to the modern practice in Holland by Dutch contractors, brought Vdrposely to Kieff by Mr. Vignoles. It is expected that the whole of the masonry will be completed by the end of the season of 1850, and that in the course of the autumn of the Kieft' suspernion-bridge will be finished and opened. 'Thy eWay ;ipproaching the Dnieper from the northward, as before mentioned, having been greatly damaged in the great floods of 1845, will be put into sufficient repair for the roads on the left bank of the river. On the right bank, a fine new road along the shore at the foot of the acclivities leads up stream to the commercial and other parts of Kieff, and down stream to the present ferry and the lower fortresses. Another road will be formed ascending to the great military positions on the heights above. The beautiful model of this remarkable bridge is an a scale of about 1 100 of the length of the actual work. It is the most perfect thing of the kind, probably, ever designed or executed, and reflects the highest credit on Mr. James, of London, the modeller, and his chief assistant, Mr. Sims, who, with another engineer, came purposely from London to erect the model at St. Petersburgh. Every piece of wood or iron, every bolt, screw, and plank—and they are there by thousands—is represented in miniature and in the most perfect manner; the architectural details of the masonry, the interior arrangements of the abutments, the moorings, and saddles of the chains, the machinery of the swivel-bridge,—all are faithfully represented on the proper scale, and in due proportion. The proportionate scale of lergth being as 1 to 100, that of area is of course as 1 to 10,000, and that of cube as 1 to 1,000,0001 and all the smaller pieces of iron are accurately put into the model in the latter proportion. The stand for the model is of mahogany, supported on bronze lonic pillars, with gold capitals and frieze, forming a splendid piece of furniture, worthy even of the Imperial Palace. The water of the Dnieper is represented by a mirror, which reflects the under side of the platform, and the whole model is covered with a splendid glass case, set in a gilt frame, with a beautiful dome of glass, supported on richly gilt pillars of the Corinthian order; the whole exquisitely chased. The model and stand have required two years to make, and the expense from first to last has been fully 6,0001. sterling. The cost of the Kieff suspension-bridge, exclusive of the approaches, will be upwards of 400,000 guineas, say about two millions and a half of silver roubles of Russia, and nearly 11,000,0001., which though large in amount, may be considered a very low price for so large a work. Mr. Vignoles has already prepared, by command of the Emperor, designs for several other large bridges in various parts of Russia. Some of them have been approved, and others are still under consideration, and designs are in various stages of progress for still more bridges, besides other works ; for all of which the iron must be furnished from the English manufactories. HEALTH OF LONDON during the WEEK. (From the Registrar-General's Return.) In the week ending last Saturday the deaths registered in the metropolitan districts were 1,053. The weekly average of this season, corrected for increase of population, is 1,162. The mortality of last week is therefore less than the estimated amount by 109 deaths, and is nearly the same as that of the previous week. Of the 1,053 persons whose deaths are included in this return 841 had medical attendance, and written statesments of the diseases which proved fatal, distinguishing in many cases the primary and secondary forms, are entered on the register books ; 15 had no medical attendance. In 15 cases the causes of death were not certified, and in these it does not appear whether or not the patients had professional aid. At the end of the quarter an influx of cases returned by coroners swells the number of deaths registered in the week, but many of these occurred at earlier dates. Inquests were held on 176 deaths in the present return, considerably more than the due proportion. They fall mostly under fractures, wounds, drowning, hanging, and suffocation, burns, scalds, and poison, making altogether 65, whilst the weekly average is 30; and under apoplexy, from which there were 44 deaths, whilst the average is 26 ; besides 45 in which the cause of death could not be ascertained, or was defectively returned, the average of such being only 12. Seven children are returned as having died of suffocation in bed ; 5 deaths are ascribed to intemperance, of which one was the case of a girl of fourteen years, who died after 38 hours' illness of congestion of the brain and other organs, from drinking gin; a child died of want; a man of 40 years, in the sub-district of St. Andrew's East, of "exposure to cold and destitution," and a pork butcher of 27 years, on the third day after admission into the workhouse of St. Martin's-in-the Fields, from the effects of " starvation and neglect." A woman who had no medical attendance died in Somer's-town of "inflammation of the lunigs:7_ eld-ctre lasi week 42 children died of measles (which is about the average), 24 of scarlatina, and 24 of whooping cough (both diseases now under the average). Smallpox, which was fatal in seven cases), and typhus in 31, are also less prevalent than usual. There is a decrease of deaths on the previous week both from bronchitis and pneumonia ; eight persons died of influenza. Ooly nine deaths occurred from diarrheas ; none from cholera. Tables accompany this return which show the deaths from cholera in each of the 135 sub-districts of London in each week since October, 1848. The mean daily reading of the barometer at Greenwich Observatory ranged from 30.440 inches to 30.304 inches on Sunday and Monday ; on Tuesday it was 30 378 inches. The mean of the week was 29 877 inches temperature of the week was 13.1 degrees, less by 9 degrees than that of the previous week, and less than the average of the same week in seven years by five degrees. The daily mean was throughout less than the average, except on Wednesday. On Friday, when the mean temperature was only 25 degrees, it was less than the average of the same day by 13 degrees. MORTALITY in the METROPOLIS. NUMBER OF DEATHS FROM ALL CAUSES REGISTERED IN THE WEEK ENDING SATURDAY, DEC. 29, 1849. Epidemic, Endemic, and Contagious Diseases ... *176 Diseases of Uncertain Seat ... 58 Tubercular Diseases ... ... 152 Diseases of the Brain, Nerves, and Senses... ... 135 Diseases of the Heart and Blood-vessels 40 Diseases of the Lungs, and other Organs of Respiration ... 185 Diseases of the Stomach, Liver, and other Organs of Digestion... ... ... ... 43 Diseases of the Kidneys, &c. ... ... 15 Childbirth, Diseases of the Uterus, ... ... 17 Diseases of the Joints, Bones, and Muscles ... 2 Diseases of the Skin, ... ... ... ... 2 Malformations... 4 Premature Birth 25 Atrophy ... ... ... ... ... ... 21 Old Age • ... ••• ... 51 Sudden ... ... 45 Violence, Privation, Cold, and Intemperance ... 77 Causes not specified ... ... ... 5 DEATHS FROM ALL CAUSES ... ... 1,053 Population • • Average weekly Deaths Enumerated, Deaths, 18444 in the 1841 Five 'AUtumns. Week. West Districts... 301,189 . . 164 ... 155 North Districts.. 376,568 207 ... 186 Central Districts 374,199 ... 208 ... 206 East Districts ... 393,067 ... 259 ... 239 South Districts.. 503,346 ... 324 ... 267 Totals... ..... 1,948,369 ... 1,162 ... 1,053 Males ... 540 Females ... ... 513 BIRTHS IN THE WEEK. Males ... 618 Females ... ... 608 Total ... .... ... ... ...1,221 *ln this number are included 25 by Scarlatina, 31 by Typhus Fever, and 9 by Diarrhoea. COVENT GARDEN CIIURCUYARD.—As your remarks upon intramural interment, and the state of our graveyards, have been so pertinent and seasonable as to cause universal attention, allow me to relate what occurred in Bedford-street, Covent-garden, on the 19th and 20th of this month. Eight double loads of the consecrated ground, full of human remains (as might be expected) were wheeled from Covent-garden Churchyard, where a brick grave had been dug, to the bottom of Churchplace, and there remained till removed by carts, to the horror of the inhabitants and persons passing in that street—the various bones of the human body being played with by boys, and jaw -bones, with the teeth perfect, taken up by various individuals. On inquiry, you will find the facts worse than my representation. The waterman for the coach-stand, who was on the spot the whole time, was horrified at the desecration he was obliged to witness.—Correspondent of the Builder. DREADFUL ACCIDENT.—On Thursday evening last, as Mr. Speed, farmer, of Burton, near I'arkga t e, was returning home from Liverpool with Mrs• S p ee d and Miss Jones, the shandry which he was driving came in contact with a large stone which projected on the side of the road, and they were all forcibly thrown to the ground. Miss Jones was unhappily killed on the spot; Mr. Speed has since died from the injuries he and Mrs. Speed is still severely suffering from the effects of the accident. An inquest has been held on the two persons deceased by Mr. Churton, and a verdict of " Accidental death" returned. Chester Courant. GLASGOW.—THE W EATl lER. — Yesterday was the coldest day we have yet experienced this winter. The frost throughout the day was most intense, th o i ce remaining firm on the streets in the very centre of the city, notwithstanding a clear and bright sunshine. We understand that, for the last two days, the skaters of the city and neighbourhood have had an opportunity of enjoying their favourite sport at the fine shut of water at Priesthill. Should the present keen frost continue, the lovers of this manly and health-giving exercise will have an agreeable prospect before them.— Glasgow Paper. t ROYAL HUMANE SOCIETY. TO THE EDITOR OF TIIE SUN. Sta,—ln your paper of yesterday your reporter has given a most faithful statement of the accidkaa which- occurred on the ornamentO water in St:. Jatnes's Park.: number - who i.verrpre:.,.- videntially saved was the well-kriwn :Sl:`Sover, of the Reform Club, who, with his accustantdiNkr.- thropy, to mark his gratitude for the attention paid to him by myself and the other officers'Orthe Royal Humane Society, has directed me to put down his name for ten guineas in aid of the societY'siunds. think that it is but justice to M. Soyer - that thi4 generous act should be made public. I remain your obedient servant, N. M'CANN, Surgeon, MILS. 50, Parliament -street. HEROIC; CONDUC t OF THE RECTOR OF FALMOUTH. Early on Friday morning a schooner was observed to be entangled on the coast between the Manacle rock and Pendennis Castle, with a pilot cutter near her. Later in the morning she stranded directly under the cliff, above which is the mansion of the Rev. W. J. Coope, the rector of Falmouth. She proved to be the Mary, of Dartmouth, of 123 tons burden, Thomas Jarvis, master, from Acre, on the coast of Africa, 10i days, for this port for orders. Her cargo consisted of palm oil, the property of W. B. Hatton and Sons, of London. Her crew were seven in nun, her,of whom two were blacks. They had born fourteen days without any provisions, except an allowanee of two table spconiuls of flour daily, end it had been agreed to kill the dog on board on Friday for tenance, unless relieved. The pilot cutter had j o k e d her at Mawnon Head, when the pilots requested the master to pass the hawse aft, that they might take her in tow ; this was not attended to, probably from the exhaustion of the "crew, of whom two were laid up, or it might have been from their attention being engaged with the sails, which, one after the other, were blowing away. In the meantime the vessel had become entirely embayed, and could not not get out, from the delay which had occurred. At length the pilots told the master to let go his anchors, for assistance was then too late, she must go on shore. It was evident from the larboard anchor being stowed the schooner was not prepared to meet this casualty, but the starboard anchor was let go with 40 fathoms of chain, but from some cause it merely temporarily checked her going dead on the shore, the sails being of no use from their damaged state, and at length she was driven within 100 yards of the cliff, over the rocks. It was by this time nine o'clock, and some hundred persons had begun to assemble at Gyllyndune and on the cliff, under which the stranded schooner lay, the waves dashing over her at each return, and the crew clinging to the lee side, making earnest gestures for assistance. At length the expedient was adopted of throwing the log line from the ship, as a primary means of establishing communication. The rector, haring a great knowledge of the footing on the cliff, attempted to catch the line, for which purpose he waded into the water some feet, and was nearly carried off by a sea. To the log line a large rope was attached, and to it a hemp cable ; the end of the cable was fixed round a bridge in Mr. Coope's walk, near the bathing place. The first who ventured and succeeded in reaching the shore by the cable was the mate. It was a passage of much hazard to himself and most considerable excitement to the bystanders, being some seconds suspended midway, owing to the rope not traversing the cable, and by every lurch of the vessel dashed into the surf on the rocks. The remainder of the crew were got on shore one by one in a barrel, hung by a hank to the cable. As they landed they were taken to the mansion of Mr. Coope, in which act of benevolence the ladies of the reverend gentle• man's family took a most prominent part. Soup, brandy and water, coffee, and a joint of meat, were placed before them ; the greatest care being taken to guard against the danger to be apprehended from the incautious feeding of long famished men. To those who were inclined to take rest, beds were offered, of which three of the men took advantage, including an African, whu appeared quite exhausted. Mr. Coupe, throughout the entire day, remained in the vicinity of the wreck, offering every assistance in his power. By three in the afternoon the tide had receded from around the wreck, which enabled a free footing to her for those employed in landing her stores, and to the thousand s o f cur i ous persons who wished to witness more minutely the havoc of the morning. The vessel was found to have lost her false keel, her rudder was broken in two, her stern-post started, her bow larboard streaks entirely carried away, and her bottom smashed. On Saturday 71 casks of palm oil were brought round and deposited in the cellars of Messrs. Broad and Sons. On Sunday the weather was boisterous, and nothing further could be saved ; but on Monday a great part of the remainder THE HUMxARIAN PATRIOTS IN NEW YORK. On Saturday evening the steam-ship Hermann, Captain Crabtree, arrived in our port from Bremerhaven, in Germany, via Southampton, having on board General Count Ujhazy, the late civil governor of Comorn ; Miss Apolunla Jagello, and other distin• tinguished refugees from Hungary. We went early aocncotpar2ie dnodn them to the I Sunday morning last and Astor astto meet them, Houses, hem,and where they had been invited to take up their quarters. Here we were introduced to the noble refugees, and had the pleasure of taking them by the hand. The Governor, Ladislas Ujhazy (pronounced Wehazy), is a venerable-looking old man, apparently about sixty years of age. He wears a long flowing grey beard, and had a singular striking and venerable appearance. His manners are simple, unaffected, and unostentatious ; yet be is a nobleman by birth, and was the possessor of a large hereditary fortune, the greater part of which has been seized upon and confiscated by the Austrian Government. His lady and daughters are like himself in manners—simple and unpretending—though belonging by birth, habits, and education, to the highest class of European aristocracy. We were much pleased with the personal appearance of Miss Apolonia, the Hungarian heroine,who as rumour reports, has fought in many battles for the liberties of Hungary. She is at the Irving House. She is a fine blooming, handsome young lady, about 24 or 25 years of age, of pleasing address and manners, with a fine colour on her cheeks, and quite feminine and ladylike in her manners. No one would suspect on seeing her that those delicate hands, enshrouded in delicate white kid gloves, and that slender form, had ever been seen dashing among the crowd of combatants on the field of battle, mounted as a hussar on horseback and dealing out wounds and death to the enemy with flashing sword in hand. She seemed herself quite unwilling to admit the fact, or speak upon it, yet she showed us her hussar jacket, in which she was attired. She would not, however, tell us how many men she had killed. We learnt from other sources, however, that her chief participation in the Hungarian war had been at the head of one of the military hospitals, where, with her own hands, she had waited upon the sick and wounded, and had nursed „And taken care of them with all a woman's tenderness. The calls yesterday to see these distinguished and amiable sufferers at the Astor House were very numerous- In the evening, at ten o'clock. a grand serenade was given them, which was executed in their honour in front of the Astor, underneath their windows, and drew together a great crowd. There were some fifty or sixty vocal and instrumental performers, principally German amateurs, who performed iseme of the beautiful soul stirring airs of " Fatherland." We understand that to-day. the Hon. Daniel Webster is to visit the refugees.—New York Herald. SIR JOIIN BARROW'S MONUMENT.—The site originally suggested as being in every respect the most suitable for the erection of the proposed monument to tho memory of the late Sir John Barrow, Bart., has been fixed upon by the Lords of the Admiralty—that of the Hill of Hoed. The height of the monument is to be 150 feet. From every portion of Morecambe Bay southward of a line running from load to Hest; from Pile Fouldy, from portions of the sea northward to Whitehaven; from Lancaster, Fleetwood, and a considerable way towards Liverpool; from all the principal hills in the lake district; from Ingleborough, in Yorkshire, anti probably from Black Combo, in Cumberland, tare molatt (mist will be seen.—Cariisle Journal. T-OFFICE.—The Director- General of the Postoffice has published a notice that from ol t o c - InO o r n r i O e w s, l an et d • tern for Great Britain and the Bi Belgium, and the German states, the mails for which are sent by the Northern Railroad, will be received, if prepaid,postagoer, ther ing po p s o t s . t o - ifi offi ce c:s in st t a h m e p p s ltaocethe Lafayette,a mount o u l p th to in the se ven o'clock the evening for transmission the same i. hTaoveLcooNspt o::.o—reTthheaCnrothtorneeaqmuielidiouncet a n n i g dA h - a - Et e G ir A l m i a r works a L n E sterling, Glagovr, although New Yo r k i s on l y a b out t h e s i ze o f with a population of not much more than one-third of a million ' the mere miscellaneo u s gatherings of the surpl us population of this and other countries during the present half of a century almost alone. Let us hear no more misgivings, then, on the head of expense, however great, in the adequate supply of pure and heallisful water to a population of six times the amouat in our own metropolis.—Builder. ACCIDENT AT 13R1TANNIA•BRIDGII.--CIANARTON. MONDAY.—Owing to some inadvertence, correct information had not been conveyed to Liverpool, on Saturday, as to the postponement of a six-foot lifting" of the second tube, now daily progressing towards its final resting place; the consequence of which was that the smack Robust, Captain Edwards, of Aberystwith, on returning from Liverpool with a general cargo, whilst passing the Swillies under canvass, as was necessary at the time, struck her masts against the tube, and received serious damage. She succeeded, however, in reaching this town, where a great number of hands were employed, during the whole of Sunday night, repairing as far as possible the effects of the casualty, that the may proceed on her voyage without delay.